Thursday, July 05, 2001



It's been a while since I've been here but fear not, I'm not gone.  I
find myself working a great deal lately, and waiting for September to
arrive and shuffle me off to my new apartment and roomates.  It's
something I'm looking forward to, and something I'm going to enjoy.



I have found myself smiling a fair bit lately at nothing in particular. 
Well, I suppose at pretty particular things I guess... the way two notes
sound in succession, or the way the sun falls on the walls of my room. 
The way my friend brightens up a room with her presence, or the way the
air feels against my face and through my hair, as it whizzes by on it's
never ending journey.  Take some time to smile right now.  Even if you
don't find me the least bit amusing... smile at... the way the wind
blows through a field bursting with long grass.  Smile at the way the
moon looks through the clouds on a dark night.  Just smile.



Time is fleeting ever faster and what a ride it takes us on.  Forever
onward, into infinity.  Infinity.  That word scares me.  Not really the
word exactly, but everything that it implies.  I've been pondering the
'infinite' lately.  Positively horrifying... and exhilorating all at the
same time.  I mean, forever.  We can't comprehend that.  Never ending. 
THe universe, in one state or another, always was, always is, and always
will be.  What an amazing thing our universe is. 



This kind of deep thought is what keeps me up at nights.  Speaking of
nights, I'm tired, and I'd like to try to sleep before my mind starts
racing a mile a minute.  G'night everyone, and hey... smile.  And smile
today because tomorrow never comes.



Peace and truth,



Shane



P.S. Just a note to whomever it may concern.  I've just recently lost
the password to my longtime e-mail account. I had it for over 5 years. 
Ouch eh?  That's what I say.  My new e-mail is thepoeticsoul@hotmail.com
for those of you who care to know.  Night.



	

Public - 11:30 PM - 12 eprops - 7 comments - edit it - email it





Wednesday, June 13, 2001



	



"Get rid of the words and meaning, and there is still poetry."

-Yang Wan-Li



	

Public - 8:00 AM - 6 eprops - 3 comments - edit it - email it



Tuesday, June 12, 2001



	



Greetings and saalutations from the (near) middle of a long week.



So.  I have plans for Canada Day Weekend. For those of you who find
Canada a mystery, Canada day falls on July 1'st.  Go Canada!  My 'big'
plans are to go to Ottawa for the Canada Day weekend.  (Provided I can
get into the city before it's streets become a living mass of people.) 
Okay, so I'm not even sure if that's what I can expect.  The last time I
was in the area was for the Canada Rally in Quebec.  At that point in
time, the streets really were a living mass of people.  I'm glad I'm not
claustrophobic.



Well, I'm excited for these plans I've never really been TO Ottawa, just
THROUGH Ottawa.  I mean, it is our nations capital city.  (Toronto's not
our capital city you say?)  So, that's something to look forward to as I
work myself down the long week that I find myself in today. 



For your reading pleasure I've decided to write some 'beatnik' poetry,
and since I happen to have a nice berret, I'll wear it while I compose
my thoughts.



Twilight glistens translucently

Glowering at the sun.

Angry, Frightened, obsessed.

As it leaves the stage.

The foul moon rises hungrily.

Slopping, slirping, grumbling

into the night sky.

Tomorrow is another day.



No applause please.  The deafening roar would hurt my ears.



Have a good day everyone and try to keep a smile on your face it's
really, really worth it in the end.  Adios!



Yours in truth,



Shane





 



	

Public - 7:43 AM - 2 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



Sunday, June 03, 2001



	



Confessions of a first rate me. (Nobody is quite as good at being me as
I am)



     Sure, I write about trivial things in my life, I write poetry, I
even write about my dreams, but that doesn't say all there is to say,
now does it?  I guess, in all honesty there are no weblogs out there
that truly represent all that we are, within and without.  So, now I'm
going to take some time to say a little bit more about me.



     As you all know, my name is Shane and I'm a writer.  That much you
know.  You may not know that I've completed a year and a half of
University in a computer science degree.  A year and a half, because I
found that even though I was good at programming... I didn't have a
passion for the whole deal.  The arts.  That's where I'm headed now. 
Possibly with a business degree, or at least courses.  Next September I
make the move to my new University, and my true passion.  Wish me luck.



     I have one brother whom I love dearly.  He's like a brother to
me... no wait... he is my brother, but I've already said that.  He wants
to go into sales like our dad, and I think he could be a great salesman.




     I love clutter.  Well, it's more of a love/hate relationship
really.  I'm a pack rat.  I keep almost everything, but once and a while
I go on a 'cleansing' binge where I throw out a few things...
reluctantly.  I'm sentimental, so I always think "I'd love to keep this
so one day I can look at it and be reminded of my... youth?"  I may be
too young to think that way, but I have thoughts on that too. 



     You know that expression? "If I knew then what I know now"?  I
often think it should be the other way around. "If only I knew now what
I knew then".  If only I could keep that childlike playfulness, that awe
of the world, that simplicity.  The truth is, I suppose I have kept a
lot of it, but I think that it works better as an expression... but
that's just my opinion. 



     I used to be shy.  Well, shyer than I am now.  I used to have one
hell of a shell around me, four walls to keep me safe from... life? 
Well, one fateful summer I went to a leader in training camp... one of
those camps where you learn to take care of children for the summer.  I
got a firmer handshake, learned that challenging myself to stay out of
my comfort zone felt good, and had a great summer.  That fall I tried
out for the school play and musical, signed up for vocal classes, and
had one hell of a year.  Who knew that you could be shy and still act on
the stage?  Did you know that you can't see the audience really from up
there?  All those lights glaring in your face... needless to say, not
much stage fright.



     So, that's a little more about who I am.  I'm sure I'll have more
to say some other day, but for now, I'm headed for some plutonian shore.
 Sweet dreams and goodnight.



Yours in truth,



Shane



	

Public - 11:49 PM - 16 eprops - 8 comments - edit it - email it



Saturday, June 02, 2001



	



Well hello there!  I didn't see you come in!  So how are you doing on
this fine, fine Saturday morning?  Well, whatever it is, it can't be
better than just sitting at your desk typing.  Well, perhaps it can.  I
suppose it's all in the eye of the beholder.  So.  I finally put up my
picture.  I figured it was jovial enough to capture the true essence of
Shane.  I laugh a lot.  It's apparently good for you, I don't have any
complaints.



Well, I'm not feeling the greatest on the inside today.  Something I ate
just didn't agree with me I guess.  Nothign that time won't heal, or a
couple of gravol's won't suppress.  Well, to tell you the truth, I don't
take pills for anything very often.  Occasionaly I'll have a tylonol,
but that's pretty much the extent of my faith in medecine.  Now, don't
get me wrong, I have faith in how most of them help with the problems
they say they'll help with... it's just that I don't like the idea of
taking something that plugs one hole while probably opening floodgates
somewhere else.  I don't appreciate doctors that rely on pills and
perscriptions to 'cure all'.  My current, soon to be previous doctor, is
just that kind of doctor. 



Well, I've pretty much said all I have to say so I'll end with a poem
for you to (hopefully) enjoy.  I'd love to hear comments and suggestions
as well, if you're that kind of person.  Anyway, it's short and sweet as
usual, so... here goes:



My soul lingers in yesterday

trapped in memories

snared on the past.

Freedom seems impossible

being what I am,

being human.

My soul lingers, struggles,

and is set free,

to journey across the landscape of today,

forever moving

into the future.

Into peace.



Yours in truth,



Shane



	

Public - 11:52 AM - 8 eprops - 4 comments - edit it - email it



Wednesday, May 30, 2001



	



Wow!  The 30'th already.  I feel like time is moving just a wee bit too
fast.  It's funny, that's something I wouldn't usually complain about at
work, but when I get home and in my comfy writing chair, I just wish it
would go slower.  Even as we speak, it's 11:30 and I actually feel
awake.  I'm starting to pick and choose which poems I'm going to enter
in to a few contests.  I'll keep you posted on how it goes and when it
goes.  I guess if I want to make a living writing, there's no time like
the present to start. 



     Any Professional writers out there in Xangaland that could offer up
any advice for an aspiring "Greatest writer in the world?".  Okay, I'll
settle for numbering among the greatest writers in the world.  I've been
working on building up my ego, because I hear that most writers have
really large, really stubborn, egoes.  Let me know what you think about
mine. 



"I'm the King of the World!"



Well, maybe not that big of an ego.  So, how are you all doing?  Well I
hope.  If you didn't take time to smell the roses today folks, I suggest
it.  There's nothing that makes for a fulfilling life than smelling the
roses.  Now, I should mention that roses are really a metaphore for
ANYTHING that you happen to be passionate about.  Take time to enjoy
your passions, your families, your pets, the blade of grass that seems
to tower above all the others in your back lawn.  Take time to enjoy
them and treasure them, because after the present moves on to the past,
there's no going back except by memory.  Take time to memorize how
something smells, how something tastes, or how a particular song makes
you feel.  It doesn't take all that long, and you won't regret the time
spent.  I guarantee it!  If you're dissatisfied with your memory, I'll
share one of my own.



Be well, people, and never forget to enjoy life while you can,  there
are no better investments.



Yours in truth,



Shane



	

Public - 11:43 PM - 6 eprops - 4 comments - edit it - email it





Sunday, May 27, 2001



	



This isn't a 'happy' poem, nor is it a poem written by me.  It is,
instead, a poem written by an Ex-Uncle and current friend of mine.  He
is a french poet primarily, and all of his published works are in
French, but when he and I write back and forth we write in English, for
my sake.  So, here is just one of many that I like:



a man in a silk tie

asked me if I needed a broker

and was I looking

for something in particular



"the next poem," I answered



"sorry," he replied

"we don't sell inspiration

on the stock exchange"



a few days later

I heard he hung himself

with the tie his partners gave him

to celebrate his success

so

I sat down and wrote this



	

Public - 9:43 PM - 4 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it



	



Hello all!



 I'm writing this from out of town, so, it may not be all it is meant to
be... but that's okay.  Isn't if funny how movies can evoke the emotions
that they do?  I mean, when I'm finished watching a movie, lets say a
"chick" flick, I usually feel compelled to call up all of my friends
that I've been neglecting, or letting drift away.  Movies like
Armageddon make me feel like life is too precious to waste.  These
emotions fill me and I say to myself I'll try and hold on to them.  I
like the way they motivate, compell, and inspire.  These emotions that
make life wonderful.  I know life is wonderful, but the strength of
those emotions always fade away the next day.  I just think it's
interesting to think about.  Why do we... why do I need a movie to evoke
those emotions?  Life is... beautiful!  Life is something that is worth
those emotions and passion every day!  Live for today, enjoy it!  I'll
see you all later tonight I reckon.  Then, my poetry, I'll post for you
all.  Till then, have a GREAT day, and be well.



Yours in truth,



Shane



	

Public - 11:32 AM - 2 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



Thursday, May 24, 2001



	



And now a word from our host:



Thank you all so much for coming!  It's been too long, really, just far
too long.  I must admit, the days, though filled with more light, are
also filled with more work and less energy.  My inspirations still
flare, but the money god keeps me it's slave for the time being. 
Tuition being what it is, the cost of living being what it is...



But life is good!  I have to say, that life is good!  All that my busy
workday means is that I have to post less here, and spend more time
recovering from my day.  I am not dead though, nor will I ever really
pass away from this land, this Xangaland.  I'm a here, with you all,
from time to time, I always show my face, and write my words.



So, be well this night, and all nights until we meet again, somewhere on
the information highway.



Yours in truth,



Shane



	

Public - 10:58 PM - 8 eprops - 4 comments - edit it - email it



Monday, May 07, 2001



	



"There can be only one!"

but

"You complete me!"

and

"Tomorrow is another day..."



	

Public - 8:58 PM - 8 eprops - 3 comments - edit it - email it



Tuesday, May 01, 2001



	



Okay, now for my favorite word:



PASSION



     I'm sure I'm not alone on this one.  In fact I know at least two
other people for whom this is indeed their favorite word... and that's
not including myself... which I guess was self evident since I said two
'other' people, but I digress.



     Passion.  Zest.  Zip.  Zing.  Zowee.  It's the real deal.  The
feeling that drives some people onward.  The kind of people who stick
their hands into the chest of life and grasp at it's heart.  The kind of
people who climb mountains, the kind of people who jump out of planes,
or even just the kind of people who relax on their porch smiling and
waving at people who pass by .  Passion is there in everyone I imagine,
but some people can ride their passion to their success. 



     Passion.  Say it with me now Pa ss ion.  Paaaaaasssssssssssion.  I
suppose I have a passion, like most people, but I haven't quite reached
down into the heart of life yet.  I know that will come, it's like
following a path.  At the end lies the diem that I have to carpe.  Or
the carpe that I have to diem.  I'm not sure what means what exactly. 
For those of you who haven't seen Dead poet's society, Carpe Diem is
latin for Sieze the day. 



     So, for today, think about your passion and what it means to you. 
What do you do for your passion, what would you do?  Have you found it? 
Do you even seek it?  Have a great, passionately full day,



Passionately yours,



Shane



	

Public - 7:43 AM - 12 eprops - 6 comments - edit it - email it





Saturday, April 28, 2001



	



Hard to find these days,

humanity.

You think you're in the middle of it

then you look around and find

you're sorely mistaken.



	

Public - 5:29 PM - 8 eprops - 4 comments - edit it - email it



Thursday, April 26, 2001



	



Ahh, there's nothing like 'cold-turkey' to fill you up when you're
hungry.



Last night, instead of watching tv, I finished a novel (reading) and
began to write some more on a story I put aside long ago.  It feels good
to be creative and unhampered by a catatonic state.  So how are all of
you doing today?  It's Thursday by jove, and that can only mean one
thing!  That tomorrow is Friday!  I'm happy, are you happy?



Anybody remember 'Wait till your father gets home'?  It's a rather old
cartoon that, to me, was the first 'simpsons'.  Except the cartoon was
blue and white.  Hmm, my memory might not be crystal on that one.  What
about 'Doctor Snuggles', yet another cartoon with an old proffesor. 
'The raccoons"?



Okay, enough nostalgia for now I'm at work... 'working' the day away. 
Wish I had a 'boss key' to press if administration comes near.  =)  I'm
just glad it's a pretty laid back company.  Great working environment,
except for the mornings... the light from the sun streams in through the
window... we're getting some kind of blinds soon.



Well, I'm so good at talking about nothing  in particular.  I consider
it a gift... many others consider it a curse.  Anyway, work beckons, and
I must follow.  Cheerio and good day.



Yours in truth,



Shane



	

Public - 1:37 PM - 1 eprop - 1 comment - edit it - email it



Wednesday, April 25, 2001



	



Hi folks I'm recovered from feeling helpless and without passion.  I'm
now taking steps to get back on that horse, and keep on riding.  No Tv
for me, except a couple of shows a week!  No video games until I do a
couple of hours of something productive.  Wish me luck guys, and thank
you for your helpful words and I do know I'm not the only one.  Thank
you.



On another note, *toot*.



Yours in truth,



Shane



	

Public - 1:47 PM - 8 eprops - 5 comments - edit it - email it



Tuesday, April 24, 2001



	



I have a lot to say, and I'm going to make it public, simply because of
the 'confession' nature of this post. 



I'm feeling very stagnant in my life right now.  I'm the kind of person
that is all talk and no action.  At least that's how I've been for a
while.  I don't know how I got into this hole, but I'm there, and my
dreams of the future are all I seem to have.  I know it's all well and
good to have dreams, but you have to make them work. (More talk)



I'm a poet.  Yes.  I seem to write decent poetry.  I think that I've
fallen in love with this writing form simply because I can spit out a
decent piece of work in 5 minutes and people often like the results.  Is
it laziness?  I say I have a passion for writing, and I feel that I do,
yet I don't exhibit any of the signs of that passion.  I play computer
games, I watch tv (the one eyed brain sucker), and I dream about the
future.  When I'm at work, I dream about all the things I'm going to
accomplish when I get home and how I'm going to 'not watch tv' or veg,
or read. 



I was talking to my dad about passion.  When he found the passion for
his work and how.  He was in a place in his life where circumstances
forced him to either sink or swim.  To find that passion, or spend the
rest of his life wishing he had.  I'm not in that position yet, but I
feel... empty. 



I have a friend online well, they're offline mostly now, but that's a
good thing.  They gave up a great many of their addictions and I was so
happy for them.  They broke free.  They're writing a novel, they're
doing the things they really love.  I don't think I really love sitting
in front of the computer, hooked onto the internet, dreaming of what it
would be like to actually start typing on this keyboard-like instrument
in front of me and write stories, essays, poetry.  I need to find my
zest.  I need to find my mojo.



There are so many people out there in Xangaland who have that passion. 
They know what they want to do with their lives or have spent their
lives doing what they love to do.  I'm glad for you.  I'm still young, I
mean, 21, geeze.  Still, the passion that I lack for anything particular
is disheartening.  I don't want to have to wait for life to slap my
face, I want to be well out of the starting line before I'm faced with
that kind of assault.



I'm partly making this vocal confession because I want to stop watching
tv.  I want to start drawing again.  I want to stop rushing home to do
'nothing'.  I want to live!  I'm not leaving Xanga, but I am sick of
diging myself into a game binge, or vegging in front of the tv.  Wish me
luck Xanga, I'll see you on the other side of the ashes of my rebirth.



Yours in confession,



Shane



	

Public - 11:01 PM - 14 eprops - 8 comments - edit it - email it



Monday, April 23, 2001



	



"Oh monday monday..."



WooHoo!  Got me a haircut, got me a shave, got me the aspirations I need
to get me a job.  True, I only need it for the summer, so some employers
might not like that... but then again, others are looking specifically
for a person they don't have to keep around come september.  Let's all
hope I hit a few of those.



My weekend was good.  That is to say, it wasn't bad.  I didn't do much,
not really, but I enjoyed it, and for once it didn't seem too short. 
Today is monday, and yet I find myself more than half way through the
day, and I don't know where the time went.  My day is going so fast.  I
have to admit, this makes me feel quite good.  :-)  To get through a
monday like it's a Friday is just wonderful.  Lets hope they keep on
comin'.



Well, I'm off to enjoy a nice big bowl of Kraft Dinner while I browse
through various internet oddities.  Have a blast of a Monday, and if
you're not... try and do better tomorrow.



Cheers!



Shane



	

Public - 2:13 PM - 4 eprops - 3 comments - edit it - email it



Saturday, April 21, 2001



	



Hey!  Guess what I have going through my head right now.  Anyone know or
remember the 'Jive Bunny'?  "Come on everybody c-c-come on every body." 
I love that mix.  Anyway, it's going through my head as I'm thinking of
the last time I heard it.  Quite a while ago, and across the sea. =)



I've started making a compliation of my poetry.  A friend and I are in a
sort of 'competition' to get published.  I guess besides just writing
for the fun of it, we like the motivation of competition.  I'm just glad
we're good friends... else there may have been bloodshed in the past. 
Anyway, wish me luck, and hopefully within a year I'll be either
published or well on my way.  I know, I know, it will be persistence
that will win it in the end.  I have to be ready for quite a few
rejection letters.  I am.  With any luck, and a few contacts, I'll be on
my way.



Hope you're all having a good weekend.  I'm off to get a shave, a
haircut and a job today.  I already have a job, but I need a closer job
for more money on account of the fact I'm making peanuts and have to pay
a lot of money to commute every morning.  School, unfortunately requires
money.  *sigh*  Off to do some moving and shaking, be well.



Yours in truth,



Shane



	

Public - 10:20 AM - 8 eprops - 4 comments - edit it - email it



Friday, April 20, 2001



	



I'm going to tell you of an insidius plan that a friend and I thought
up.  We learned in science class one day a few years back, that mixing
certain chemicals with acid created soap.  I thought this was
interesting and turned to my friend and started to say that I now knew a
way to truly 'cleanse the earth'. =)  Can you see it coming?  In Canada,
and probably many places around the world, acid rain is a big problem. 
Now, since these chemicals, when mixed with an acid create soap...
shabam.  We send this chemical into the clouds and it mixes with the
acid water particles up there, creating soapy rain to... yep, cleanse
the earth.



Smile.  I'm not really crazy.  Really.



So if you one day see soap suds forming on the ground when the rain
hits... you'll know in your hearts that we succeeded with our plan.



Be well.



Shane



	

Public - 11:14 AM - 12 eprops - 6 comments - edit it - email it



Wednesday, April 18, 2001



	



Did some Xanga Housecleaning today.  Yep, that's right.  I cleaned up my
posts, and removed absolutely everybody from my 'sites I read' list. 
Not that it's visible or anything.  I'm goign to make a point and go
around Xanga again, in seek of my old favorites, and new shooting stars.
 It seems there are a lot of new faces around, and I have to prod myself
and go look.  Motivation. 



I've been writing more poetry lately.  For that I'm glad.  I had almost
thought my eternal muse, my inspiration, had abandoned me!  It was not
so.  She was only hiding, waiting for me to make an effort to unearth
her.  She doesn't like to be taken for granted, and far be it from me to
cause her any distress.  She's been faithful to me all these years, even
when I left her alone and unused.  It's all about forgiveness. 



What?  You think I'm a little wired? I talk of a muse, and sure, she's
there somewhere in my mind.  That voice of inspiration, that angelic
note in the background of my mind. 



So, now I'm going to tour around Xangaland, in search of new and old
talent alike.  I hope I see your smiling face out there.  If you're
frowning, I hope I can help that change.  Be well.



Yours in truth,



Shane



	

Public - 11:17 PM - 1 eprop - 1 comment - edit it - email it



	

In the morning

the silent dawn

revives the landscape

from it's restful slumber

colour escapes it's prison

and the light touches

all with glory.



	

Private - 9:42 PM - 2 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



Tuesday, April 17, 2001



	

(untitled)



I am an ageless shadow

Seeking redemption

In the  morning light.



My life lies forfeit,

To the sun's fingers

Grasping at my soul.



I slink, I creep,

And repent my sin,

My fear of the dark.



Pleading for my life,

I beg the sun to stop,

At noon I am no more.



Timeless wisdom is nothing.

When lunch arrives,

Death follows.



I was an ageless shadow,

And in the evening,

I will be ageless once again.



	

Private - 10:23 PM - 6 eprops - 3 comments - edit it - email it





Tuesday, April 17, 2001



	

I heard it coming off of the mountains of my soul,

a crashing, pounding sound.

I ran like the devil was at my back,

but there was no escape

from this avalanche of emotion.



	

Private - 10:22 PM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



Sunday, April 15, 2001



	



The last Post (of the night).  For me the bell toll's 11:30, and that's
late enough I guess.  I have to get some sleep soon, else tomorrow'll
bee a mess.  I'll say godnight to y'all then, till tomorrow shows it's
face.  I hope your dreams are simple, nothing to complicate the place. 
If you should have a nightmare, and no simple dreams do come, just have
a drink of water, and think up good thoughts some.  I hope your Easter
was merry, and your conversation bright, so I'll say farewell till next
time, In the warm afternoon light.



Yours in truth,

as always,



Shane



P.S.  Basically, what I'm saying is Goodnight, and have pleasent dreams.



	

Private - 11:25 PM - 2 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



	

A little truth: The poetry I write, are mostly images that my mind
creates.  Sometimes they come from within my soul, and my life, and
sometmies they are fictional.  I don't know why I'm even clarifying
this, it's just sometimes I get someone who tells me they are sorry for
how I feel about something, because of a poem I wrote.  Even if the poem
was just something I put together.  In any event, I think I'll try and
put some of my writings to music sometime.  Anybody have any pointers?



	

Private - 11:20 PM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



	



I waited in the kitchen,

For my darlin' to come home.

But my eyes grew really heavy,

And my mind started to roam.



I feel alseep soon after,

And my baby never came.

So I'll dream of her alone at night,

But dreamin's not the same.



I miss her eyes to gaze at,

yes, the windows to her soul.

And the jokes we  used to laugh at,

and how bad she used to bowl.



So I'm sittin' in the kitchen,

waitin' for the clock to chime.

And I'll wait forever after,

for her, till the end of time.



	

Private - 11:17 PM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



	



I found passion in the closet,

hiding underneath my keyboard.

(Why did I put it there?)



I played with it, Moulded it,

tried to make it my own

But the passion just wouldn't cooperate.



I'm still looking for a passion to call my own.

In some old corked bottle I hope to find it one day.



	

Private - 11:09 PM - 2 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it





Friday, April 13, 2001



	



Once again, for the sake of continuity.  I am uninspired today.  Despite
it being a very big day.  Peace to you all,



Shane



	

Private - 11:09 PM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



Thursday, April 12, 2001



	



It's a beautiful day outside today, and a nice view from my office
window.  I don't actually have my own office, we're kind of herded into
sections, but I'm in front of a window.  (This really sucks in the
morning, when the sun is rising and shines right into my face.  Hard to
work...)  I love windows though, couldn't live without a nice window. 



Speaking of windows they say the eyes are windows to the soul.  What
colour are your windows?  My eyes are blue... well a blue/green kind of
mix I guess.  It really depends on my mood. 



Speaking of easter Happy easter weekend everyone.  Even if you don't
celebrate Easter, enjoy the weekend.  I know I will.  Maybe that ever
elusive great canadian novel will pour out of my mind this weekend. 
Maybe I'll climb a mountain.  Maybe I'll grow wings and fly... or maybe
pigs will.  Whatever may be, I wish you all a great weekend.  Remember,
life's great.  Even if it sometimes isn't.   (More wise words from a zen
master)



Dream a little dream for me.



Yours in truth,



Shane



	

Private - 5:19 PM - 10 eprops - 5 comments - edit it - email it



Wednesday, April 11, 2001



	



Hello all, I'm off to brave work today.  Wish me luck.  I only have the
cough and sore throat remaining, so I should be okay.  I'd stay home,
but there's too much work to be done I tell ya.  I had a dream about
work last night actually... 



The dream

I was sent to one of our clients to help with something on the network
and everything went off without a hitch... except for one computer.  I
went back to the office and told them what happened.  They inform me I
should have known to bring a certain driver from the office so that even
that one computer wouldn't have given me a problem.  She says "I guess
we don't need you here anymore.  That client won't be able to complete
their process for a while now, and so you have no more work to do here."
 I remember panicking, and then remembering that I had a nice cottage to
go home to anyway, and I would enjoy myself there... (In the dream)



	

Private - 7:50 AM - 2 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it



Tuesday, April 10, 2001



	

"...And I still, haven't found, what I'm looking for..."



	

Private - 9:16 PM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



	



Okay then, I often sign off with 'yours in truth', and in the spirit of
truth I think I should give my real name.  Achates Mandelus is not, in
fact, my real name.  Sorry.  My real name is Shane.  I won't give my
real last name, to protect myself from strange people on the web.  Yes,
they are out there.  Anyway, Shane is my real name, and I'm proud of it.
 Not conceited proud, but happy that it's not something else. 



I'm home sick today since I suddenly got struck with some kind of bug. 
I'm not one to suddenly get struck with bugs... so I'm a little upset. 
Yesterday my throat started to get sore and today I cough and cough and
have a headache.  Hmm, talk about progression.  If it keeps up this pace
I'll be dead by tomorrow.  I'm hoping, instead, for something closer to
alive. 



You'd think that this would be the perfect time to do some writing. 
Alone, in an apartment, with just a budgie to keep you company.  You'd
think... but I often feel thinking impaired.  The budgie is currently
sitting on top of my head talking all the words my Uncle taught it. 
It's quite cool actually.  It sounds pretty much like a tape-recording
of my Uncle's voice.  Anyway, that's the scoop for today.  Poetry to
follow, I'm sure. 



So, all of you at work, or busy at school good luck to you, have a quick
short week, and I'll be around.  Just you wait and see.



Yours in truth,



Shane



	

Private - 11:06 AM - 4 eprops - 3 comments - edit it - email it





Monday, April 09, 2001



	

Lying in bed,

I dangle my feet

In the pool of another's soul.

My heart beats slowly,

and I contemplate

the emotions I have

absorbed.

Where do I end

and the other begin?



	

Private - 2:40 PM - 2 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



Sunday, April 08, 2001



	



Okay!  I have a new favorite song. I know, I know, it seems like only
yesterday I was professing my love for another song, but if you saw the
video to this song you'd almost certainly fall in love with it as well. 
Fatboy Slim's new song 'weapon of choice'.  I'm not even sure if I'd
like the song if I had heard it without the accompanying music video,
but here's the scoop.  It starts out with good ol' Christopher Walkin
sitting in a fancy chair, in a fancy building... "hotel" I think.  The
music starts, and he starts dancing, walking, strutting, and yes, even
flying!  Now, remembering Christopher Walking from many evil roles in
movies, I laughed, I cried, a laughed some more, and well, fell in love
with the song.  You all just have to see it!  Anyway, that's my bit for
now.



Ciao.



	

Private - 9:14 PM - 2 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



Saturday, April 07, 2001



	



"In a clearing in the woods, a little man by a window stood.  Saw a
rabbit hopping by, frightened as can be.  'Help me!  Help me!' the
rabbit said, 'or the hunter will shoot me dead'.  'Come little rabbit,
come inside safe with me tonight'"



I just wanted to say I like that song still.  I'm 21, and that song...
still makes me smile.  It gets stuck in my head pretty easilly.  I used
to have a tape with a bunch of kiddie songs.  That was in my much
younger years, but I used to love them all. Back to daydreaming. 



Till then,



Akatiez



	

Private - 10:44 PM - 10 eprops - 5 comments - edit it - email it



Friday, April 06, 2001



	



Somewhere in time

I am lying on the grass

In a clearing in a woods,

I gaze up at the stars

And my life is forgotten.

My heart escapes and

Travels on the rays of light

To where my true love lies

Gazing up at the stars

In a clearing much like mine,

Somewhere in time.



	

Private - 12:44 PM - 12 eprops - 5 comments - edit it - email it



Thursday, April 05, 2001



	



A silent rememberance

Shared with a friend

On a bright moonlit night.

Embraces witheld,

for fear of offending

Our strange sensibilities.

Talking for an hour

With love on my mind

and 'small-talk' on my lips.



The rest of my life to contemplate

All that might have been,

Had I shown her my soul.



	

Private - 10:27 PM - 6 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it





Thursday, April 05, 2001



	



Well, I'm here for the long haul now.  I'm looking forward to this
weekend in Toronto.  It is supposed to rain though, but I'll get a good
view.  If only I were high enough to be above the clouds... hmm. 
*ponders inventing flying apartment*  Well, for now I'll have to settle
for the view from where I am. 



I'm pretty well settled, and the bird doesn't hate me, but he does keep
to himself.  My computer is set up, my clothes are unpacked, and I'm all
set for my Friday at work.  *chants 'weekend' over and over*



I really haven't written much poetry this week... none to be frank. 
Don't call me Frank though, Akatiez is preferred.  *groan*  I'm off to
watch the last few minutes of Survivor.  Ta ta.



	

Private - 8:50 PM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



Wednesday, April 04, 2001



	



Hey all!  I'm finally in my apartment.  (well, mine for the next little
while.)  The budgie is twitterpated.  Well, that's probably the wrong
word to use, but it sounds like it fits a bird.  The view from here is
amazing, and I'm alone.  Finally, alone.  I think this will be a
prolific week for my writing.  Not necessarily on Xanga, but you know,
in general.  vickyvix left a comment on her two favorite things to do in
Toronto, perhaps I'll have to look into that Italian Restaurant.  Well,
I'm going to go make some dinner, I may be back tonight.  Or maybe I'll
go take a walk down Younge Street.



	

Private - 8:42 PM - 3 eprops - 7 comments - edit it - email it



Tuesday, April 03, 2001



	

All for the sake of continuity...



	

Private - 11:33 PM - 2 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



Monday, April 02, 2001



	



So I'm here in Toronto for a week.  I am gonna love this!  I'm looking
after my uncles Budgie, and his apartment while he's away for a couple
of weeks.  I'm right on a large intersection. (Young and Eglington) 
Well, not right on the intersection of course, but it will do.  Close to
everything I could hope to be close to... well it sure beats my small
country town.  I feel like such a bumkin livin' in the boonies.  Not
that I mind being a bumkin or anything, but I've fallen in love with the
city life since I've been working in Toronto for the past few months. 
I'm never going to leave.  Well, I guess when I start school next year
in Waterloo, that will kind of force me to leave for a while.  I'll be
back though Toronto, oh yes, I'll be back, and ready for some action! 



Have a good night Xanganites, I'll be back tomorrow with some more...
thought provoking stories?  Well, I"ll be back in any case... with
something.  Till then, sweet dreams.



Akatiez



	

Private - 7:32 PM - 8 eprops - 4 comments - edit it - email it



	



Given the chance, could I? Would I?  No.  It isn't the same though,
thinking of a way things might have been.  It isn't the same, running
through the patterns of your life in your mind.  It just isn't the same.
 You can't judge everything from a photograph, you can't peek inside the
thoughts of everyone you've ever met in your life.  You can't.  The mind
is... undiscovered territory. 



There are so many paths I want to go down in my life.  Psychology,
Marketing, programming, teaching, English, writing... the only thing
I've limited myself to is the Scientific path.  I wanted to be a
scientist once, now I think I'll have to settle for visionary. ;-)  So, 
I guess my interests lend myself to being in school for the rest of my
life.  I'll just take up residence in one of the abandoned tunnels I
guess, since I certainly won't have enough money to live on, going to
school all year round. 



Babble on Akatiez.  Babble on.



Have a good afternoon all.



Akatiez



	

Private - 3:23 PM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it





Sunday, April 01, 2001



	

The Journey begins with you.  The adventure is just begun, and the seas
of infinity whitecap far into the horizon.  You hold the rudder, you
have the only map.  You hold within you the only way to be free.  You
are (as a wise anonymous person once wrote) a child of the universe.
(God?) You are but a child in an adults world, and everything around you
is new again today.  Where do you go from here?  What will you see as
you wander?  Fly, free spirit, into a world that is yours, may your
heart and soul guide you true, and carry you into the everlasting
horizon.  Be well.



	

Private - 9:59 PM - 4 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it



Friday, March 30, 2001



	



I was dead once.

Trapped in a bottle of time.

distant, longing, tears.

I remember hoping,

wishing for a second chance

to make things right.



	

Private - 1:28 PM - 6 eprops - 3 comments - edit it - email it



	



As always, I'm happy for Friday to finally be here.  It's the day I've
been waiting for all week.  The day that has kept me up late each night
filled with anticipation.  It's here, and I wonder why I don't feel
that's it's at all 'special'.  Okay, I'm only kidding.  My mind is
racing with the possibilities of every new day.  Just think, I could
decide to go anywhere today.  I could skip work  and make for the
border.  I could take up scuba diving.  (In truth, I'm going to,
someday)  That ever ellusive someday.  Come on, make every day someday,
because tomorrow never actually gets here.  (This, coming from the
world's master procrastinator)



I'm going to go start the water for my daily Earl Grey tea ritual.  It's
not as awesome as it sounds.  Just me, and a cup of tea, taking in the
morning.  Well, actually it's me taking in the earl grey, taking in the
morning.  I guess the cup of tea gets the butt end of the deal.  I'll be
right back...



"Everybody in town seems to follow you around"



Okay, okay... here I go another commentary on the state of our nation. 
ON Communism, I know it doesn't work.  Unfortunately, because it does
count on everyone doing work and being happy with what they do.  It's
unfortunate that there are many people out there who do not like what
they do for a job.  These people do have things they love to do,
usually, but due to demand, availability of jobs, and a whole mess of
other blocks, they never get a chance to do what they love for a living.
 I'm glad I love writing so much.  While I don't think I'll ever be
rich... *closes eyes and prays that he'll be able to get by*  I hope
that I can always be happy with what I'm doing.  I don't want to be the
one who complains about work all their life. 



I love, love.  Isn't it the greatest?  Love can truly do amazing things.
 The love of two people.  The love of trees.  The love of a pet.  The
love that a mother and daughter share.  Any parent and child.  I saw a
picture in the paper today that made a tear come to my eye.  A father of
a child of a 12 year old (I think) was burning an American flag because
somehow they were involved in her death.  I haven't followed the news a
great deal, or any current issues, so this feeling of unrest in the
world, in my world, was a little strange.  I mean, I wasn't ignorant to
all ths suffering in the world, I was just uninformed about the current
issues.  I felt sorrow for the Father and the loss of his daughter.  I
felt sorrow for him burning the American Flag.  I felt sorrow for
Americans.  I felt (sorrow may be a strong word in some of these cases) 
sad in general.



On a lighter note, I think that today will go by rather quickly.  For
this I am happy, well, simply because I'm human and need this weekend
for relaxation.  This week has seen me at the lowest energy level I've
been at in a long while.  I've been literally dragging myself out the
door in the mornings and flopping into bed earlier and earlier.  Last
night was the first night in a while that I felt some energy.  I did
some exercising and meditation, and only then did I flop into bed. 
Anyway, work beckons, and I, it's employee, must answer the call.



Wish you all a great Friday!



Akat.



	

Private - 9:35 AM - 6 eprops - 4 comments - edit it - email it



Thursday, March 29, 2001



	



It's Thursday and the sun it aint shining!  I thought it would be warm
today, I thought that all my dreams would come true today, I thought the
sky would fall today, I thought I'd get to travel to 'where the forest
meets the sea'.  I thought so many things, and here I am, at work, at
lunch once more.  Sitting in front of an emotionless monitor, dreaming
about all the wonderful things I could be doing, if only...



If...  the most frightening word in the English language.  Especially
when coupled with Only.  If only I had... no... if only I went... no. 
There is no if, only is.  What is, is.  Come on Yoda, send us a sign!



There is no try, only do!



So what?  I was playing some Star Wars Game this past weekend.  Wow. 
that reminds me, we're closer to the next weekend than the last.  Where
does the time go?  Not that I care, except for the fact I'll look back
and wonder where the time goes and I'll know.  The pursuit of money. 
It's no wonder some people tie money and happiness together.  To get by
in this world you have to make a good buck.  After you make your money,
then you can concentrate on enjoying yourself in retirement.  Well Gee. 
So, through money comes happiness?  I don't believe that for a second. 
Rise up!  Rise up!!  Communism works!  Well, I know it has it's
problems, and in truth, capitalism helps people out as well... polotics
can be confusing. 



Whatever happened to the 60's?  No, I was never there, but sometimes I
wonder if I should have been.  The mentality was a good one.  If not the
reality.  What say you people who have lived through the 60's?  (And are
still able to think properly.  Not that having acid flashbacks after 20
years is a bad thing... well, not that I'll ever find out about that
anyway)  Wow.  I'm being a mite more prolific than usual.  Hope I
haven't lost all you readers yet.  I tend to forge my own path when I
write.  Laying waste to natural progressions, or any signposts.  So
you'll just have to follow me, or find your own way through the tangle
of thoughts that snake their way through my mind.



Till tonight, I say farewell.



	

Private - 1:42 PM - 2 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it



Wednesday, March 28, 2001



	



So, it's wednsday and I'm dreading the rest of the week for some reason.
 I'm tired all the time, I can't drag myself out of bed in the morning,
the sun's shining at least.  I don't know why I'm so lethargic, I think
my metabolism dropped a couple of notches recently.  I have to make a
change somewhere in my life... I know!  I'll work on my ability to draw
hands. (or lack thereof) I know it may not exactly shake my lethargy,
but I need to practice drawing hands, and noses actually.  Well, if I'm
to be frank, I'm to be frank, I am not the greatest of artists, but I
know that with practice, and a little talent, I can be anything.  At
least that's what everyone tells you these days.  Don't mind me, Im in a
self-contained ramble state right now. 



So, this weather is great!  I can't stand not having the sun, so the
return of my infrequent mistress (the sun) is quite a relief.  My
writing has been boosted as of late.  I feel less of the dull drag, and
more of the pep that writing brings me.  More ideas, more idle thoughts,
spring is definately in the air.  *takes a deep deep breath*  Nope, I'm
not going to exhale.  Not until spring has fully arrived.  Perhaps God
will have pity on my purple face and make sure it stays this time.



Today, today... not much happened.  I went to work by bus, came home by
train, took in the sun, took in a breath. (still holding it) and
patiently await a visit from my muse, as I ramble on before you now.  I
just want to mention to you all, that I wish you a great night, and
pleasant dreams.  I've spent a great deal of time lately in my dreams. 
More sleep.  I can't remember a great deal, but I'll tell a little
story...



I had a dream of a girl whom I know from tutoring her in Finite.  We
were friends, but I really didn't know her at all.  I had a dream a year
after the last time I saw her, and in the dream we talked and talked and
I really sort of bonded with her, we became close friends.  After this
dream, a couple of days later, I saw her in real life, and, she said a
"hi" and passed by to the back of the bus.  It hit me right then and
there, that our closer friendship was just from my dream.  I really
didn't have that bond.  It's funny how our dreams and the emotions from
within them can carry into our waking life.  Kind of wonderous, but also
kind of frightening.  What happened if I had a very negative dream about
a person... would I then have trouble dealing with them in real life? 
Dreams, very interesting landscapes to explore.



G'night!



	

Private - 8:34 PM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it





Wednesday, March 28, 2001



	



"What do you want?  Another 'member of the press'?  Well, I've had
enough with you!  You can go to hell with your breaking news for all I
care!  How did you get in here anyway?  I thought they stopped allowing
people like you in here.  Not that I care in the least.  Would that none
of you had ever come here to pester me with your questions.  I see
you're not leaving.  What is it you want to hear?  How I murdered an
entire village with my own two hands?  How even though I'm a weak and
frail old man, I managed to leave a hundred dead in my wake?  You
wouldn't believe me if I told you I was innocent.  The blood on my hands
was proof enough for the authorities.  Would my plea of innocence even
phase you?  Are you afraid of me?  Do you 'pity' me? Ptah!  I don't need
your pity.  I've been wrongly accused, and to hell with all of you! 

No, wait!  Don't go... it's been... a while since I've had someone to
talk to.  I... didn't mean to yell... this place, this cage, it's
getting to me.  I'll tell you the story if you stay.  The story of my
life, and then the story of what happened on that night.  So you can
judge me from from my entire existence, instead of the moment that was
my downfall.  The leave chairs in that room over there.  Yes.  Yes...



	

Private - 12:24 PM - 2 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



Tuesday, March 27, 2001



	



That's right!  It's that time again.  Akatiez' weird insults of the day!



"I do not know you from cheese.  You infamous hemoglobin."



No money please, I work for the smiles on your faces.  Thank you, thank
you.



	

Private - 4:03 PM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



	

Sitting at my desk.  Staring into oblivion. Wishing you were here, and
that the rest of the world would fade away.  Why dream an impossible
dream?  Simply because I can.  I have the ability to fly away on a whim.
 To envision you within my arms, sharing another beautiful sunset.  Till
then my nameless, faceless love, I wish you sweet dreams.



	

Private - 2:06 PM - 8 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it



Monday, March 26, 2001



	

I like to drift away in the bathtub.  My worries, fears, aches, pains,
the drift away into the hot numbness of the water around me.  My mind
goes places I don't remember, and my dreams visit me then.  I am
weightless, thoughtless, and in that void there is a peacful silence.



On my return I have to ease back into reality.  I'm not one of those
people who can just jump out of the bathtub.  I pull the plug, and lie
down again in the tub, slowly the water level drops, and the weight of
gravity slowly presses against me.  I am prodded gently back into
reality as the weight of my life comes back.  A soft awakening.



	

Private - 10:17 PM - 6 eprops - 3 comments - edit it - email it



	



My soul lingers in yesterday

trapped in memories

snared on the past.

Freedom seems impossible

being what I am,

being human.

My soul lingers, struggles,

and is set free,

to journey across the landscape of today,

forever moving

into the future.

Into peace.



	

Private - 1:55 PM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it





Monday, March 26, 2001



	



Monday monday...



So here we are, back at the beginning again.  A cycle repeated over and
over, week after week, year after year.  I will not be opressed!
Depressed from time to time, but I control my destiny, I control my
fate.  I have a purpose, sure, but I'll get there in good time.  These
endless weeks of work are nothing.  They do not exist.  The moment they
pass, they are gone.  History.  My writing is where my immortality lies.
 I will not leave sculpted stone, I will not leave tall towers behind
me.  Only words, thoughts, emotions, will I leave.  That will be my
legacy, that is my passion.  To be read a hundred years after my death,
to be known long after that.  So, this work seems small pains to go
through in order to reach my goal.  Work to fulfill my passion, nothing
more. Nothing less.



	

Private - 1:51 PM - 2 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



Sunday, March 25, 2001



	



I just want to talk about nothing.  If Jerry Seinfeld can make a living
doing it, I can at least post about nothing.  Nothing, and everything
eh?  I tried to dig up what was at the bottom of the depth of my soul,
but I failed.  I can't reach that deep, and the answers to my questions
still elude me. 



I was thinking about what makes me happy this weekend.  To tell you the
truth, it's a hard question to answer truthfully. I've begun to realize
that, though I'm introverted, people make me happy.  Friends, family,
sharing life with others.  I just recently broke up with my girlfriend,
well, recently could mean anything eh?  I broke up with my girlfriend of
two years a while ago now.  It was the right thing to do.  I had to do
it.  I know that I would not have found happiness in the end. 



So where is it to be found?  Somewhere out there is my other half. 
Somewhere out there is someone who understands me so completely I need
not speak a word to convey my thoughts to her.  Somewhere out there lies
my future, my future that I have sought only to realize that it seeks me
too, and I only have to be myself and wait for it to find me. 



So, I continue writing, planning my future, spending time with friends,
waiting for my future to arrive.  It will come, I am patient, I am happy
now, here, where I am in my life.  I am happy and thankful for
everything that has ever happened to me, good and bad.  My life has just
started, and my journey is just begun.  Out there, somewhere, my
destination awaits, and we move towards each other with the passion of a
thousand suns. 



G'night



	

Private - 7:44 PM - 10 eprops - 3 comments - edit it - email it



Friday, March 23, 2001



	



Ahh, it's Friday,  and here I am, thinking of Xanga, or life, of the
pursuit of happiness.  Pureza reminded me that I used to write about my
dreams.  In honor of her wonderful self, I think I will start writing
about my dreams again.  Thanks for the reminder.  Sometimes I get
carried away with other things.  My dreams keep comin' back though.  My
other life, my other existence.



Dream a little dream:



I am standing in a classroom.  It is dark.  All the desks are pushed
together, and fill the room acting as a raised floor.  Across from me
stands a girl.  A girl I knew so long ago, in another country so far
away.  She was the one I met in kindergarten and grade one, the one whom
I lost contact with when I moved to Australia at the age of 7.  I was
haunted by her in my dreams for so long.  This dream took place in grade
4 or 5, and she had aged, as had I.  She didn't say anything, and I
didn't say anything, we just looked into each other's eyes across the
classroom.  I think I knew I would never see her again for real.  But in
my heart, the frienship I had with her will live forever.  In my mind,
and in my dreams.



	

Private - 11:29 AM - 5 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it



	



I wrote th is poem in Grade 12 Religion class.  I don't remember why,
but it defines the canadian spirit.



To be or not to be Canadian, eh?



How can we define such diverse a people,

Is't on St Anne De Boupre's steeple?

Or shall we search the rolling plains

Towards Vancouver's pouring rains.

To find the truth, we must go

and seek the end of the rainbow.

Colours, many under on

Shining governmental sun.

Laughing children in the street

or cold harsh winter, falling sleet.

Evergreens adorn the hills

and we have multi-coloured bills

you will find that if you delve,

WE won the war of 1812!!!



-Akatiez

(the multi-coloured bills are of course money! and hey, I also didn't
dig too deep into politics to affirm my statement about the governmental
sun.  Just take the poem for a nice commentary on canadians.)



Peace.



	

Private - 12:14 AM - 8 eprops - 4 comments - edit it - email it



Thursday, March 22, 2001



	

Hark.  I hear a voice calling me.  Is it the voice of my salvation?  The
voice of my damnation?  The voice of my true love?  Or just the tv in
the background.  My money's on the tv, but you never can tell.  When
your salvation comes a calling, you really can't go around ignoring it's
melodic voice.  No, I'm wrong.  My salvation will most probably not be
talking to me in a melodic voice, but a more weather worn voice.  A
voice that has seen the world for what it is, a mountain pass, a path
upon which we walk, facing hardships, trials, euphoria, and elation.  We
walk this path, facing all it sends at us, because we have no other
choice.  I wouldn't give it up for anything, and this, my salvation
knows.  It's voice mirrors that knowledge.  I will answer when it calls,
but it will call when it's ready.  When I'm ready, to move on to the
next place.  The next stage of my journey.



	

Private - 10:32 PM - 2 eprops - add comments - edit it - email it





Thursday, March 22, 2001



	



I found the key to my one true love's heart.

When I looked at the key,

I found myeslf staring back at myself.

I was the key.

When I start knocking on true love's door,

The only key I'll need is myself.



	

Private - 12:27 PM - 6 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it



	



I've discovered something:



Silence is found in a jar of Peanut Butter,

eaten without milk.



-Akat.



	

Private - 12:25 PM - 4 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it



Wednesday, March 21, 2001



	



Freewriting:



I was sent this time.  Sent to await the judgement of the Gods.  I've
heard the stories, seen the results of past attempts, but here I am now,
waitin' for the fixing, but the fixing's a long time coming.  Nobody in
the last few hundred years recieved the fixing.  Just wrath.  Just
malevolance.  Just the breaking. 



Why the Gods continued to break their creatures.  Why we still came to
this mountain top to recieve our fate, nobody knew.  "It is who we are"
I remembered old Machin tell me one Hot-Water's eve.  "It is who we are,
and it is who we'll always be".  I remember thinking that I didn't want
to be broke.  I didn't want to stand around waiting for the fixing!  I
knew in my heart that the fixing would have to be sought after.  That
unless we went looking instead of waiting, the fixing would never come. 
Yet here I am, waiting as the others waited, pondering my next move. 
Maybe I can find the fixing!  Maybe.  My eyes wandered to the path down
towards the God's lands, through the blasted lands, and I decided on my
course.



	

Private - 11:28 AM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



Tuesday, March 20, 2001



	

I awoke this morning

With a feeling of renewal

This morning would be different

This morning would be fresh

and new.

This morning... thud.

I fell out of bed.



	

Private - 9:17 AM - 7 eprops - 5 comments - edit it - email it



Monday, March 19, 2001



	



A haiku



I will be a bird

Ever flying in the sky

My Enlightenment



	

Private - 10:13 PM - 2 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it





Monday, March 19, 2001



	



Just a glimpse into my psyche...



Whenever I feel pain, I have a sort of mantra that I keep saying to
myself to help ease the pain.  "There is no pain that is not from my
mind created".  It helps me.  In reality there really is no pain that is
not created from the mind.  At least, the mind controls what you feel,
and how deeply you feel it.  If you could block the pain from reaching
the brain, or stop the brain from relaying it's pain to your concious
mind, you would indeed feel no pain.  So, I help take my mind's focus
from the pain, to a saying.  Try it sometime, and tell me if it helps
you.



-Akat.



	

Private - 6:45 PM - 6 eprops - 3 comments - edit it - email it



	



All that is me



Sifting time

waiting for the one

who will set me free

from convention.

The one who will

allow my words

to run rampant

through her mind,

her soul.



Waiting for the moment

of clarity. 

Where nobody but her

exists, when I can

be all that is me

without fear



of a strange look.



	

Private - 1:04 PM - 4 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it



	



My Weekend: The Scoop



Okay, I went up north to Sudbury this past weekend to visit my
grandmother who lives alone, at 85 years old!  She's really an amazing
woman, though she is in great spirits, she's feeling her age.  She gave
me an old set of (1949) Books of Wonder.  A complete set, a set that I
remember reading through when I was younger during my visits to her
house.  Let me tell you now, I like old things, especially old books.  I
have a small collection right now, but with the books she gave me for my
birthday, it's doubled in size. 



Sudbury, for those of you who are Canada deficient, is a northern city
in Ontario.  I love it up there, where the sky is still black at night,
and the stars still shine with most of their full glimmer.



In any event, my trip was only for one night, but it was a nice short
trip, and I think she felt good to have some company, she's really
looking forward to the coming spring and summer. 



Anyway, that's the scoop.  I hope you enjoyed it!



-Akat.



	

Private - 12:55 PM - 2 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



Sunday, March 18, 2001



	



Hiee! Okay, I know I was away for a couple of days... or at least it
seemed.  In any case, I'm back, and hopefully more freewriting will
follow.  I think I'm going to try some new kind of style now.  Hey, the
sky's the limit, heck, why limit myself to the sky?  To Infinity and
beyond! (Thank you Buzz)



(Gawd, can you believe I said Hiee?  Just hit me.)



	

Private - 2:44 PM - 10 eprops - 5 comments - edit it - email it



Thursday, March 15, 2001



	

The horror, the horror!



	

Private - 2:05 PM - 3 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it





Wednesday, March 14, 2001



	



Aha!  My hand, outstreched, points to a shelf waaaaay up at the top.  A
shelf that contains what I seek.  I go to reach for the prize and stop,
I'm too damn short to reach way up there!  I look around, hoping nobody
noticed my half-failed attempt to grab the item.  I look at the bottom
shelf, searching for a space to place my foot.  I wonder how much weight
it can hold.  I pat my tummy, thinking that I must have lost a few
pounds anyway, and carefully place my foot between two stuffed
whatchamacallit's.  I look around to make sure the coast is clear once
more, and hoist myself up, one shelf at a time till I'm towering over
the aisle below.  I grab it!  My quest is complete! 



In all my excitement I let go of the shelf onto which I was holding,
raise the item into the air and... fall.  I fall tumbling to the aisle
below taking with me about half the merchandise on the shelves during
the descent. 



When my eyes decide to flutter open, I lie, sprawled out on the floor,
hands still clutching the proof of my entrance to the shop.  Before I
can do anything else I notice that woman, looking at me again, still as
if I'm a demon or soemthing.  I bare my teeth at her again, but this
time I ask her what the hell her problem is.  Her reply made my face
instantly red, and my lips to clamp over my teeth once more.



"You've got somthing hanging from your nose"



It hits me then and there that people are stupid.  They stare at
soemthing that is an obvious afffront to their delicate sensibilities
whilst not saying a word to indicate the object of their disdainful
glares.



(To be continued...)



(Is disdainful the right word?  Oh well, it's freewriting... if you
don't like it, take it up with my lawyer)



	

Private - 9:35 PM - 6 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it



	



There has been much interest (Two people have asked) placed in my
freewriting and what exactly the thing is.  I haven't a clue.  Perhaps
I'll reveal it in the next freewriting experience, perhaps I'll leave it
up to your imagination.  The truth will set you free!  (Now if we could
only find the truth... ah well)



-Akat



	

Private - 6:54 PM - 2 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



	



In times of nothing,

I see everything,

Left in the bottom of a tea cup,

Long forgotten on the counter

Of my life.



(I just wrote this as a comment for a post by Agrochick78, but I really
liked it, so there you go)



	

Private - 10:19 AM - 2 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



	



FREEWRITING AHEAD:



So, I'm in this shop.  Looking around for that thing.  I almost slap my
forehead at my stupidity.  How could I agree to get this for the guy?  I
don't even know him!!  With a sigh, I continue looking around.  In the
corner I notice a shy looking woman staring at me like I'm some sort of
demon about to devour her soul.  I give her a sly smile, show a little
teeth and continue. I mean hey, I might as well play the part.  Along
the aisle I walk, a frickin' long aisle at that.  In fact, I can't
believe all this stuff fits in here! (The shop looks very small from the
outside).  I feel like Dr.Who in his tardis defying space and time,
walking along endless aisle in search of the holy grail of all things.  

Feeling quite naked in my current style of dress, I gawk almost
noticably at the people who keep passing by, staring at me still, like
some kind of monster.



END FREEWRITING (to be continued...)



	

Private - 10:14 AM - 2 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



Tuesday, March 13, 2001



	

Guess what this is?---> <------Yep!  That's a space!  Woo hoo!!!



	

Private - 5:40 PM - 6 eprops - 3 comments - edit it - email it







Tuesday, March 13, 2001



	



Whathappenedtopunctuation?Idon'tknow.Itseemsmyspacebarishavingproblems.

Geeze.WhatcanIdonowbutpostlongwindednon-spacedsentancesthatgoonandonfore
verwithoutanykindofbreak.

Iknowit'sannoying!Iknow!Ican'twaittillIgethometomyworkingkeyboard!



	

Private - 12:20 PM - 6 eprops - 3 comments - edit it - email it



	

I lept from Black Rock,

arms outstretched,

surrounded by my fears.



As I fell, my fears drifted,

I fell, free, into the ocean mist.



	

Private - 9:23 AM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



Monday, March 12, 2001



	



I wake up in the middle of the night.



*Heart is pounding*

*Heart is pounding*

*Breathing fast*



I open my eyes, with grim anticipation.  I feel a breath on the back of
my neck... I know what's there.  I fear it more than anything else.



*Heart is pounding*

*Breath is fast*



Once more, the breath on my neck, the hair rises as my skin prickles in
fear.  I am paralized.  Fight or flight!  I choose to play dead.



*Heart is pounding*

*Heart is pounding*

*I stop my breath*



How long can I hold out?  Caught up in a war between my brain's need for
air, and my impending doom.  BREATH!  NO!!!  If I breathe, it will be my
last.  Savor it, cherish it.



*Heart is pounding*

*Heart is pounding*

*Chest is burning*

*Head is drowning*



My fear begins to subside.  I am fully awake.  Was it a dream?  A spirit
in the night?



*Heart is slowing*

*Breath is calm*

*Head is tired*

*Night is gone*



	

Private - 9:36 PM - 4 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



Sunday, March 11, 2001



	



WARNING: FREEWRITING AHEAD!



So, I found myself outside one of those stores.  You know?  Those stores
that sell things.  Special things.  It's not one of those stores with
fancy signs, or with sales advertised all the time, but you know you're
gonna get quality merchandise.  So, as I said, I was standing there,
minding my own business, not really looking threatening or anything...
and some guy walks up to me and asks me if I'm gonna go in?  I almost
laughed in his face!  Me?!  Go in there???  I don't have the case!  I
don't have the balls!  Instead of that though; instead of going with my
better judgement, I turn to him and say, "Hell ya I'm gonna go in there!
 What's it ta you?"  He just looks at me with a blank face and asks me
to buy him one of those, you know, one of those things.  I took his
money and walked into the store.  The moment I walk in there, I get a
bad feeling.  Why the hell did I have to grow balls now.  Years of not
having balls, and it kept me alive, safe, and happy.  So, now, me and my
balls look around and start looking for that thing. 



(Perhaps this is going somewhere... find out next time... next time I
write about this place, this time, and this person.  This is only a
section of freewriting.  I mean, it's not a very long snippet, but hey,
I'm gettin' there.  I"m a poetry man... short and sweet.)



	

Private - 3:27 PM - 4 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it



Thursday, March 08, 2001



	



I still have power over her: My touch lingers on her flesh. Our lips
meet and she melts into A thousand pools of emotion. With one caress,
she is mine, Her breath quick, Mine quicker. Fast enough to lay claim on
her, Fast enough to guide her without words. I still have power over
her… (I think) or is it the other way around?



	

Private - 10:41 PM - 4 eprops - 3 comments - edit it - email it







Tuesday, March 06, 2001



	



Death of a Broom Salesman It was a dark and stormy night, When I chanced
upon him first. He was hidden in the gloom, Holding something like a
broom, It was then I feared the worst. A broom was an illegal thing,
Feared by the best of men, I made as if I would soon flee, Turned around
quite casually, And gripped my silver pen. It was so known, a silver pen
Would serve and well protect. I turned once more to face the beast And
made a cross just like a priest His sin I would correct. Much to my
surprise I saw An empty space where he had been. I guess I must have
been all wrong And home I'd be before too long To forget the thing I'd
seen. The path grew thin and looked less worn I'm sure you would agree.
To be on such a path at night And not to know your left from right, Puts
bars around the free. So I walked on, through a downpour Towards my home
with speed. I stumbled then and fell face first And as I hit the ground,
I cursed Knocked out I was, indeed! I woke up from my slumber deep
Around the room I looked. A broom rack lay against the wall My head
still hurt bad from my fall In back a small man cooked. He checked the
bread and poured the wine But did not turn around. Why was he doing this
for me. If I killed him I would be free. My family I'd astound. The
brooms glowed with an eerie light My soul shook deep with fear. From
this there would be no respite, It all felt kind of wrong, not right,
The brooms were way too near. A dream I thought this place to be, A
dream and nothing more. I stood up slowly from my knee Finally this
strange man I'd see, And crept across the floor. Step by step I inched
along My eyes upon the man. It was right then my foot misplaced (I wish
I could that sound erase) and kicked a smallish can. I stopped and
trembled in the light The man stopped too and spun. Behind him lay a
tabled feast His face was tired and rather creased He said "You needn't
run" His voice had caught me quite off guard, It seemed so weak and
kind. He was too short to be much harm The brooms though, caused me some
alarm, He didn't seem to mind. I tried to speak, but I could not My
voice was all choked up. I felt like game, just freshly shot I wish I'd
died right on the spot He handed me a cup. "we are not evil; he
proclaimed "us broom-salesmen that is. Oh sure it's us that you have
blamed And for that you should be ashamed. The truth of it all is: (To
be continued...)



	

Private - 9:37 PM - 4 eprops - 3 comments - edit it - email it



	



What's in a name?  A rose by any other name would smell as sweet...



I was posed a question by ZaraD about the origin of my name.  I'm not
entirely sure if it was asked of my weblog name: Akatiez or my
ficticious "real name" Achates. 



Achates is a greek name that I found in my Oxford Encyclopedia
dictionary.  It belonged to someone who was legendary as "a loyal
friend" to another greek character. 



Because I like to be unique, and after trying the name Achates in ICQ
and coming up with about 10-20 other people already using it... I tried
to change the spelling and keep the Phonetics.  Thus... Akatiez was
born! *And there was much reveling and fun*



Thank you.  Thank you very much.



	

Private - 2:18 PM - 6 eprops - 3 comments - edit it - email it



	



It's not as if I wanted to jump from the cliff!  I tried to prevent my
decent as long as possible, but I came out of it with more scrapes and
bruises than I would have if I had just free fallen.  That song plays
constantly in my head now, a rememberance to what I've done.  I don't
regret any of my actions, like I said before, to regret something of the
past, is to regret who I've become... and I don't regret me. 



"Free falling"



I feel like Alice through the looking glass, everything is just a little
different.  Life will never be the same I suppose, but that's just the
way it is sometimes.  "Winds of Change" has always been one of my
favorite songs, and so I ride the winds where they take me, waiting to
land, and call another place home. 



"Tomorrow is another day"



So now I plan and save, and plan some more, for that day when my plans
will be needed.  One day I will be called upon, and I have to be ready. 
One day I'll have to give myself again.  One day I'll have to do it all
over... again.  Sometimes I pray it never comes again, but other times I
don't think it can come fast enough. 



The next time will come soon enough.



(Whew, free writing.  Love it... that's not nearly long enough... well,
I suppose it's okay, but in any case... I have to get back to work. 
Keep in mind, my free writing always seems to blend fiction with just a
little fact... I guess that's true of any writing at any time.  It
always stems from the writer to some extent, but it's fiction for the
mostpart.  Stay tuned for more free writing to come.



Yours in truth,



Akatiez



 



	

Private - 1:05 PM - 2 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



	



There came a Whisper



There came a whisper in the night,

As I drifted off to sleep.

That spoke of true love to be found

If only I would take a leap.



"Not I" I thought as my heart raced,

I am so afraid of heights.

There has to be an easier way,

To forget these lonely nights.



The whisper came at once again,

and sleep would not appear.

I lay awake, lost in my thought,

of leaps and dreams and fear.



"I must" I thought in final'ty

I must jump o'er my doubt.

Or never feel the touch of love,

And walk the lonely route.



-Akatiez



	

Private - 12:17 AM - 6 eprops - 3 comments - edit it - email it



	



It caught me off guard.

That... feeling.

That indescribable feeling of joy.

I danced with the ghosts of my memory,

sang to the tune of my new song,

and look forward still, to the day

when she walks through the door,

to sing in perfect harmony with me.



One day, someday, any day now.

I'll find a way to get to someday, somehow.



	

Private - 12:00 AM - 2 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it







Monday, March 05, 2001



	



I think the fall is my favorite season of the year, but I believe they
all have their ups and downs.  Personally though, I don't think the fall
has many downs.  The wind, the leaves, the full moon on a clear night. 
Talk about empowering.  In the spring, the rain is what I love the most.
 The warmer rains, that don't make you feel cold when you go and try to
catch the rain on your tongue.  The kind of rain that has
super-duper-large raindrops that make big marks on the cement.  I love
the storms too!  Though, the fall has many storms as well.  Storms have
always fascinated me.  I love a windy, rainy, thunder storm... at NIGHT!
 Much better than during the day.  At least to me. :-)  The summer? 
Well, the summer's the summer, and it can get too hot, but my love of
the water keeps me cool often enough. I do miss the ocean though.  You
don't get much ocean here in southern Ontario. :-(.  The winter, is
cold, windy, overcast, and I've liked it less and less as the years have
gone on.  I DO love to taboggan, ski, and watch the snow on the warmer
days. 



The Fall, however, will always remain my favorite.  Ciao for now.



Yours in truth,

Akat.



	

Private - 7:29 PM - 4 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it



	



Word of the day revival! "clapperclaw"



To Jangle and claw each other about. [From] Dutch and German klappen, to
strike.

     -Ebenezer Brewer's Dictionary of Phrase and Fable, 1898



*And as an aside:  Today is also Mother-in-Law's Day!* 



	

Private - 7:07 PM - 4 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it



Saturday, March 03, 2001



	



"Alive" The rain breathes And I take it in. The life it gives Pumps
through my veins Always. It tickles my soul My face feels the Fingers of
fate in The rain. It lives It thinks It is. And I relish in it's Faery
power.



	

Private - 11:43 AM - 8 eprops - 3 comments - edit it - email it



Friday, March 02, 2001



	



I lay forgotten in the bottom of an old toy box.



	

Private - 4:09 PM - 4 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it



Thursday, March 01, 2001



	



“Shadows” Sometimes the mind plays tricks on you And secret horrors
roam the earth. There are no secrets we can’t find That from our minds
were given birth. In the depths they lurk and dwell Playing from the
darkest suit Taunting, jeering even more Making sour the sweetest fruit.
Until we wake and find the truth That shadows played upon the wall Were
nothing more than scarf and hat Upon a coat rack standing tall. So fear
not, every bump or shadow That sound or show at night time still It was
nothing, you will find, Your mind’s just picking at your will.



	

Private - 8:02 PM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it





Thursday, March 01, 2001



	



Work.  Nope, I heard once that if you enjoy what you're doing, you'll
never have to work a day in your life.  it's true.  Writing is... well,
writing is FUN!  I mean, putings words together so people can understand
you better, hate you more, love you more, feel better about themselves,
or want to do something you've written about.  That's what it's about
for me.  Trying to get people to understand me, to share my thoughts on
life, and hopefully sway some people to thinking somewhat on the same
wavelength as I. 



This is for James:



I'm a Christian, and yes, I do agree somewhat with what James said about
christians.  I'm sure he knows that we're not all the same way, that
some of us don't think we're the end all and be all of humanity. 
Recently I read a letter to a paper that was from a "born again"
christian who bashed a whole bunch of people.  They used christianity in
their arguments, but Christianity to me, is exactly what James commented
on.  Jesus led by example.  He was a servant.  He never hated.  Love is
all. 



Clarification:



When I say I'll pray for you I mean I hope I can help in some way.  I
don't mean that I believe you can't get through on your own... I just
care about helping you get there.



I know that some christians DO get high and mighty and I don't agree
with that mentality. 



Maybe I'm more open minded than most Christians, but I'm sure there are
others like me.  The bible was about love... at least the new testament.
 Love love love.  Love. 



I also like to find the similarities between other religions and my own.
 In most ways, we're not all that different.  Anyway, I digress, be
well, and keep writing.



 



Love.



	

Private - 1:57 PM - 6 eprops - 3 comments - edit it - email it



Wednesday, February 28, 2001



	

Another of my favorite songs is by Tori Amos.  Happy Phantom.  It's
just, so happy, and light of a song.  To be free as a spirit.  Well,
this is goodnight.  Talk to you all tomorrow.



	

Private - 11:03 PM - 2 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



	



Sarah Harmer is one of my favorite musicians lately.  There's a couple
of songs I realy like, but I'm going to post the lyrics to one of my
favorites now:



Lodestar



out of the night, into the water we push the boat from shore breaking
the air and the stillness of the bay intensity of stars reflected in the
harbour silently ignite the oar dips into oil like water and we are away
your hand won't write not tonight but your mind may wander into those
deep lagoons that you know and your boat will go by starlight alone da
da da da da da da da you sang to the moon in the great black night with
no lodestar in sight out of the night out of the water we pull the boat
back to shore breathe in the air and the stillness of the bay intensity
of stars reflected in the water silently ignite the oar dips into oil
like water and we are away under the moon in the great black night with
no lodestar in sight and wait for it there are only two things now this
great black night and the fireglow and listen! the darkness rings the
darkness.... listen! the darkness rings and wait for it there are only
two of us now this great black night, scooped out and this fireglow
listen! the darkness rings the darkness... listen! the darkness rings
take off your things and listen! the darkness rings

-Sarah Harmer

 



*Sigh* I really love that song. You really have to hear the music to
appreciate it fully.



	

Private - 11:01 PM - 2 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



	

No freewriting today all I have are a few thoughts on life.  Life is
good.  Life is great.  Yes, we all have problems, some people more than
others, but we're alive.  We're breathing the air, we get to feel the
wind in our hair, we get to choose where our next foot falls.  Life is
full of choices, experiences, good and bad.  I wouldn't trade life for
anything, but one day, I'll have to do just that.  Trade my life on
earth, for another kind of life.  Some people can't wait for that, but I
like it right where I am.  On this wonderful world.  I just hope we
don't keep screwing up the place! 



	

Private - 10:56 PM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



Tuesday, February 27, 2001



	

Free Writing:  In many places I've read and heard that free-writing
(writing without editing or pausing) is a good utility.  I'm going to
try some free writing from time to time, I'll warn you all with bold
letters that will just happen to spell out "F-R-E-E W-R-I-T-I-N-G". 
That's if I decide to make them public.  I haven't really decided yet. 
I have to see how my first one turns out.  Wish me luck.



	

Private - 9:22 PM - 7 eprops - 4 comments - edit it - email it





Tuesday, February 27, 2001



	



The Lunchroom:    With your host, Akatiez!



So, once again I come to you at lunch.  Eatin' a sub, browsing the web. 
Wondering where my muse has gone.  I think I'm going to post a poem I
wrote today on the bus.  It may or may not be true in your mind, but I
sometimes feel like it is for me... sometimes regret.



It came to me in a moment. in one breathtakingly short moment of
clarity.

There are two roads in life: The one upon which we traverse, and the one
that we sometimes regret never walking down.



	

Private - 1:47 PM - 3 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



	



"The Rose"



The rose's thorns make sweeter still The scent that's from within. The
magic is deception's will While thorns pierce softened skin. While glory
shows it's charming face The cuts grow deeper yet. But beauty makes a
hardened case And the mind's so soon miss-set. Though love, for love's
sake never works Experience soon will show. True love somewhere hidden,
lurks And this you will soon know. And when true love does show it's
face The rose will then decay, Leaving you a shattered vase To turn true
love away.

 

-Akatiez



I wrote this poem some time ago, but I like it.  True love is out
there... make sure you have what you want in a partner before you leap. 
And that they have what they want in you.  Goodnight Xanga, and may your
dreams come true this night.



	

Private - 12:11 AM - 2 eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



Monday, February 26, 2001



	



*sigh*



*picks up paper, makes paper airplane, throws it*



*down it goes, straight down*



*sigh*



"Where are you!?!  Muse!  Come back to me, and tell me what to do with
my words!"



*sigh*



	

Private - 11:05 PM - 4 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



	



My darling, my lover, my dearest, my sweet, let's dance o'er the
mountains, let's move to the beat. The rhythm will guide us, our feet
take us there, Just one perfect moment, together we'll share. The flesh
is a boundry, we've gone far beyond, your soul and mine, have created a
bond. We'll dance cheek to cheek, in the cool autumn air, my soul and
your soul, together we'll share.



	

Private - 12:55 PM - 8 eprops - 4 comments - edit it - email it



	



Just finished eating my sub from the local wrap&sub down the street. 
Gotta love privately owned businesses.  That extra, home like quality. 
And hey, I have a "usual"!  I went in the other day, and he said "The
usual?"  I said "Yes indeed!"  well, I just said yes, but come on, yes
indeed sounds better.  So, I have a usual, and everything is right with
the world.  Of course, I'm not sure if I already wrote a post like this
yet... perhaps I did.  It's not good when I can't keep track of my own
posts... Hmm.  



So, what's new out there in Xanga land? everyone have a good weekend? 
Going back to school? Work? Monday's aren't that bad for me anymore. 
Except for the fact I have to force myself out of bed to get ready for
work, it's allright.  They go by fast for me, (not quite fast enough,
but hey, I'm happy) so that's that.  It's monday, I'm halfway through
the day, and I can't wait to finish my collection of poetry.



Oh, I may not have mentioned this before... I'm working on an anthology
of poetry... well, just a chapbook or something like that.  It's going
pretty well so far, poetry is grand. 



Ciao ciao for now all.  I'll see you later today no doubt.  ( I'm not
talking to the band "no doubt" I'm talking to you, meaning I'm sure I'll
see you later today) *snickers*  I guess my puns haven't gotten better
with age.



	

Private - 12:20 PM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it





Sunday, February 25, 2001



	

Corridors



Along the corridors of time she speaks to me. Words of wisdom pass me
by. (Encouragement and promises lost in the vastness of an empty space.)
Among the records, lies my name, forever sealed in the corridors of
time.



	

Private - 10:14 PM - 4 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



	



Windy day today my favorite type of weather.  The kind of day that's
warm enough to stand facing the wind in a t-shirt and let it flow around
you.  The wind... I love the wind!  I was inside, and it's SOOOO windy
out there today, so I just went out and walked around my backyard. 
There's something about the wind that thrills me.  It dances, it twirls,
it is chaotic, yet often follows patterns.  It's powerful.  Maybe it's
because I like to fly so much in my dreams... you can almost feel like
you're flying when the wind is strong.



Well, that's just another couple of cents from yours truly,



Aka.



	

Private - 6:02 PM - 2 eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



	



"wax on, wax off, she can rebuild you, she can make you betta"



Okay, tell me where it's from guys... I know you saw the movie. =)



	

Private - 2:51 PM - 8 eprops - 7 comments - edit it - email it



	



Let me relate to you a little more about who I am.  I wear glasses, nice
glasses, but glasses nonetheless.  So, every night before I go to bed, I
place my glasses... somewhere, so I can sleep.  Without fail, the next
morning, I can never find them!  I often feel like Thelma from Scooby
Doo after she looses her glasses, blind, patting the ground around my
bed to see where I placed them.  (Was her name thelma?  I forget)



So, that's just a little tidbit about me... and how I can relate to a
cartoon character, but then again, life's just one big cartoon... at
least for me.  Ciao.



	

Private - 8:56 AM - 4 eprops - 6 comments - edit it - email it



	



Well, here's my first post for Sunday, and my last post for Saturday. 
Hurrah for me!  No really guys... hurrah!  Damn it, I never could
command an audience very well... back to the book, "Manipulate the
world, in 2 easy lessons".  It's not that easy, take my word for it. 
(Yes, I think they all bought it... step one complete... now I'm the
only one who will read the book.  Tee hee.)  I can't believe I said
that... tee hee.  Hmm, I'm zonked...



So, watch out because I'm feelin' giddy tired.  This post doesn't make
any sense... maybe when I wake up, the world will be a more sensical
place... is sensical a word?  Man...



*does a little dance with a microphone in hand while playing Beathoven
with the other*



Who ever said I wasn't a talented zonked person?  I tell ya, they never
learn... my god it's time for bed.  All that stands between me and sleep
is this damned ellusive submit button... it's blurry, and seems to
be...nope... it's staying still... I'm just tired.



"Is he in heaven?  Or in hell?  That damned ellusive pimpernell!"



Ta ta.



Toodles.



And all that.



	

Private - 2:40 AM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it







Saturday, February 24, 2001



	

Innocence Lost



children run and scream in unrehearsed rituals like tribesmen around an
open fire in the distance the sun goes down while the elders sift
through ashes in search of innocence lost



	

Private - 8:15 PM - 4 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



	



Twilight

 

Sillhouettes against a darkening sky, arms outstreched, magnificent,
haunting. They move, beckoning as the wind whispers silent warnings.
Darkness falls as their waiting, gnarled arms embrace the remains of the
day.



	

Private - 12:37 PM - 4 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



	



I'm currently watching Fraggle Rock!  The best darn kids show ever!  I
remember following the series till the end when I was young.  I miss it!
 I found myself thinking back to my childhood just watching the show.  I
feel compelled to buy the entire series on video... I'm not sure where I
could do that... I'll have to write the station.  They have all the
video's  of all the show's I've seen in life, it's the only series I
really want to own.  So one day, my kids can watch the whole thing. 
*Sigh*  *honk your horn if you like the Fraggles!*



Have a wonderfully rockin' Fraggle day!



I've already wished you all a good day, but that needed saying again.



	

Private - 11:40 AM - 6 eprops - 4 comments - edit it - email it



	

So, I cracked the cover of the eighth book of the Wheel of Time series! 
It's starting out pretty well.  I'm just glad to have finally gotten it!
 So, it's my next conquest before the 9'th and final book... that's
published I think... Anyhow... I'm outie...(I can't believe I said that)



	

Private - 11:02 AM - 2 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



	



ACK! I failed in delivering my late night insights, and now I have some
people who are upset.  I must appologize but I grew tired too fast last
night, and was in bed by 11:30!  That's a first for me... especially on
a Friday!  Egad!  Gadzooks!  Zoinks! 



Today will be different I promise.  Rants, insights... the whole lot. 
Because it's my birthday, and I'm feelin' verbose.  I won't ask you to
bear with me this time... I'll just ask you to trust me this time.  To
post something after this affirmation of posting.  :-) 



Have a great my birthday day!



(Oh, I'm sure it's someone elses birthday too, so happy birthday to all
picese who are born on this day along with me.  We were sunday's
children, which according to the rhyme is a good thing)



	

Private - 9:52 AM - 12 eprops - 5 comments - edit it - email it





Friday, February 23, 2001



	



My mind is going to wander tonight.  It's going to stroll through fields
undiscovered, and dig up the grave of my lost innocence.  I'll follow
the wind to where it leads, and ride the moonbeans to sanity again. 



Bear with me tonight, in my ramblings, my insights, my non-insights.  I
promise that if you bear with me, I'll... be better in the morning.



	

Private - 10:04 PM - 4 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it



	



Companion of Silence



side by side we walked along the beach gypsies in the night following
the glowing moon we entered the water it wasn't long until we died and
resurrected (as lovers often do) through it all not a word was spoken



	

Private - 9:47 PM - 8 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



Thursday, February 22, 2001



	



Dreams, dreams, dreams...  I await your return, my dream of all dreams,
where peace has come at last.  Where the unicorns run free, and the rain
is still ph7.  Where the trees all grow strong and wide. 



Visit me in the night,

underneath the moonlight,

and I'll sing you a song of lament.

For my dreams, for my love,

for my tears that I've spent,

on a something, a nothing, a what.



	

Private - 10:53 PM - 12 eprops - 4 comments - edit it - email it



	



This next poem was published in a book that me and my Uncle published
ourselves.  When I say published, I mean we put something together and
went to a printer and printed only 40, for family and friends.  Anyway,
we agreed that the poetry within was both of our creations... so here
goes, just one of our creations...



WORLDS APART



As I slowly descend, I see you hovering over a coral bed, looking
towards the sky through crystalline atmospheres. Unknown messengers come
to greet me on multicoloured wings. You soar in silence, unwavering as I
am drawn deeper and deeper. For a moment, for a lifetime, we come face
to face, gaze into each other's eyes... worlds apart.



	

Private - 9:47 PM - 6 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it



	



I've become inspired by a comment that someone wrote.  Not to my site,
but to anothers which I will not name to protect those parties involved.
 Needless to say, she knows who she is, or will after reading this post.



I was younger than I am now and was cooking baked potatoes in the
microwave.  I thought I was following my mothers instructions when I put
them in for ten minutes with paper towel above them.  Took them out,
covered them in tin foil, put them back in and covered the top with
paper towel.  Now I had previously thought it was bad to put tin foil in
the microwave, but if my mom told me to do it, then it was okay.  During
the next 10 minutes, the paper towel I had placed ever so carefully over
the now baked spuds, burst into flame.  I heard a large bang from the
kitchen (as I was watching something on tv) and rushed over to see a
smoke filled microwave and flames through the plastic door.



I opened the door and smoke billowed out, the paper towels burned down,
the glass base had broken in half, and I was still calm as ever.  After
things were dealt with I calmly picked up the phone, called my mom at
work and said quite simply: "Mom, I blew up the microwave, but don't
worry, the fire's out"



Thinking back it was probably not the most prudent way to put things,
but I was quite proud of the way I handled the situation.  Needless to
say, I now know what not to put in the Microwave.



*sheepish grin*



	

Private - 7:34 PM - 4 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it





Thursday, February 22, 2001



	



I used to think I was in love.  I used to think that she was the one. 
My first long relationship, the relationship in which I learned a great
deal.  I loved her, and I guess technically I still do.  But I love her
now in the way I have loved, and continue to love all my friends.  Maybe
I just throw the word around... but I think I mean what the word
implies.  It's certainly not wrong to love a friend, to care about them.
 That's how I feel about her now. 



It was sad to realize that we had no future, but also thrilling in
another way.  Everything I was planning on was changed.  Everything I
had previously thought, was different.  Talk about being placed outside
of your comfort zone. 



Life goes on and so does love, and my search for my perfect match. 
There's a world out there filled with possibilities, and I'll try not to
be afraid of any of them. 



So today, think about these things in your life.  Things that changed
you a great deal, your "change of life" event.  This particular event
makes two such change of life events for me.    The first one was a
leadership training camp, after which I got a social life. =)  At least,
I came out of my shell and began acting and singing, and... not being as
shy. =)  That's right, shy!  I know you can't believe it... that was
years ago. 



If  you have not had a change of life yet, I hope that yours was as
positively changing as mine was. 



Have a great day!



	

Private - 1:04 PM - 8 eprops - 3 comments - edit it - email it



	



Another work post on the way.  It seems that lunch at work goes too fast
for me as of late.  I seem to be spending it all here, on Xanga...
catching up with lost time. 



Just pondering life right now.  Pondering, wondering, thinking deeply
about life.  Why some things are meant to be, and some things just
aren't.  The soap opera called life is just that.  I don't think that
there is a "normal" person out there.  If there is I'll eat my artsy
beret. 



No really! What IS normal?  There is a "norm" is there not?  But even
within that norm, that's not normal?  Okay, maybe I'm getting a head
start on my phillosophical thoughts here, I usually only get this way at
around 1 in the morning... but really!  Just something to think about.



As for work I talk about work a great deal... usually when I'm here, or
when I'm going here, or coming from here...



	

Private - 12:54 PM - 6 eprops - 3 comments - edit it - email it



Wednesday, February 21, 2001



	



*sigh*  I'm in a 'nice' place right now.  =)  Not physically, my mind is
in a nice place.  I'm wandering through the hills and valleys of my
day-dreams searching for something.  I think I've been daydreaming a lot
more lately.  I don't know why, perhaps it's the monotony of my current
job.  I'd rather be meeting new people, scaling mountains, flying in a
glider. (Well, at least in my dreams... I'll have to work on those last
two a little more first)



It's back to work I go as my lunch has come and gone. 



I'm going to be offline tonight, it's torture, true I say.  But I'll be
back again, just watch, to write another day.



*the poet speaks*



	

Private - 12:52 PM - 4 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



	



As if by fate we met, somewhere in time. Like so many others. (How could
we have possibly known where our first words would lead us?)



	

Private - 12:17 PM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



Tuesday, February 20, 2001



	



Well, I just had a great conversation with a dear friend.  It's always
nice to talk to someone who knows you almost through and through. 



I'm off to dream of love and hate.  To dream of all I yearn for in this
world.  To find true love and to grow old and die in each other's arms. 
To fly, free as a bird over this island earth. 



May your dreams be filled with fun and flight.



Aka.







Tuesday, February 20, 2001



	



He stood silent in the twilight mist watching her. She that had
captivated his dreams was now within his reach and he, unmoving, watched
in reverent rapture. "If I move it will be over" She danced in the air,
a glowing jewel among the trees, hair flowing, radiant. "I can't betray
myself" Touching the dew-forming leaves, she noticed his silent gaze.
"Her eyes" She turned to him and floated gently towards him. "So
beautiful" Her hair as if in water trailing behind and flowing out as if
an eternity was wrapped within it's waves. "Those lips" She reached out
her hand. He just held his breath and waited, heartbeat racing, palms
sweating. A flash. He shook his head and looked around, now she was his
size... She smiled. No, he was her size, he was floating in front of
her, his dream, his reality... She moved closer His eyes blinked once.
They kissed. And the world melted away.



	

Private - 11:26 PM - 4 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



	



Silence is my companion, and black the colour of her hair. Silence is my
lover, her embrace my extacy. Silence is my wife, I find peace in her
stare. Silence, my end, you started just 'friend'.



	

Private - 11:17 PM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



	



Eternity I would endure tempests and tortures and wars. I would walk to
the brink of sanity and back. I would lose myself find myself lose once
again... for even the smallest chance at an eternity in her arms.



	

Private - 8:52 PM - 4 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



	



A willow tree A Willow tree does it's weeping in the rain. There's one
that just two years ago Held some letters my girl's name. But the years
went by the willow grew Our childhood passed us by And the Willow's bark
grew over Where my heart once left it's sign.



	

Private - 6:33 PM - 6 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it



	



One of my favorite trees  is the willow tree.  I'm sure I share this
favorite with many others, but it just is a special tree for me.  A
close second of course is the sturdy Oak tree.  They're great as
sillhouettes against the setting sun. 



I'm telling you my favorite tree simply because I'm about to post a poem
that is about my favorite tree.  It may be a sad poem, but it's not
supposed to be very mournful.  Just the kind of sad that happens in
remeniscent thinking.



May you all stay sturdy as Oaks yet open minded as Willows. 



Aka.



	

Private - 6:29 PM - 4 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it





Tuesday, February 20, 2001



	



I met my soul mate once, in a dream.  I remember it pretty clearly
still.  I was only 8 years old, and I was dreaming I was in a kitchen or
something like that.  In front of me, crouched inside one of the
cupboards was a girl my age.  We talked, and she told me about how the
cupboards were a passageway and we went into this 'passage'.  I don't
remember what happened after I started to enter the cupboard, but I'm
still convinced she was the one.  I only say this because I had never
seen the girl before.  I'm sure my mind could have created an entirely
fictitious person, but, it's one of the little threads I hold on to.  I
will find her or she will find me.  We will find each other, and we will
ballroom dance under the stars.



I keep reading posts about love and romance, and soul mates.  Of all
things, I have to say, I'm most inspired by these.  They keep me
believing that it's out there.  That I'm not the only hopeless romantic
looking for their match.  It's a relief.  I'm not crazy, I'm just one in
a love-hungry bunch.



Keep Lovin'!



-Akatiez



	

Private - 12:51 PM - 4 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it



	



Old Word of the Day:  "Old Word"



I thought I'd be punny today, so the old word of the day is the one
above.  It's not a 'special' old word just a good one.



	

Private - 9:35 AM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



Monday, February 19, 2001



	

Oh GAWD I'm tired!  I have only slept for about 4 hours last night, and
I'm going to be now!  It's early for me, but I just have to do it.  May
your dreams be peaceful, and may your foot first touch the right side of
the bed in the morn.  G'night.



	

Private - 11:10 PM - add eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



	



A scene:



Across the stree a woman stands, waiting for a bus among a dozen other
faces.  She taps her foot to some rhythm while a man looks up from his
paper, apparently annoyed.  Their eyes meet and he smiles, forgetting
the disruption as her gaze draws him into her.  With a loud screech the
bus pulls up and reality sets in.  Routine calls to them and they cannot
resist.  Whatever was is no more as they board.  Perhaps one day routine
will lose to romance. 



	

Private - 7:54 PM - 4 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



	



I found perfection in her smile, and the way she looked at me in the
quickly fading light of yesterday. She fell into my arms or I to hers,
and we danced beneath the light of the full moon. And when the morning
shows it's face I pray she'll dance forever still, not as fleeting as
our night in paradise.



	

Private - 7:49 PM - 4 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it





Sunday, February 18, 2001



	

Well, I'm going back to work again tomorrow.  I know it isn't all that
strange... to go back to work on monday.  But... this weekend away from
home brings me to my happy place.  Work brings me to my frustrated
place.  I don't like frustration... I like happy.  Anyway, I haven't
posted as much as I would have like this weekend, but that comes from
being at a friends house.  I'll be back and rareing to go monday night. 
Toodles till then.  I'll post another poem at that time.  I like poetry.
 I like likeing things.  I like.  Passion.  I like passion.  Passion is
a dangerous thing though.  Wow, I'm ranting.  Rant.  What a funny word. 
Silly.  Me.  Going.  Now.  Passion.



	

Private - 7:19 PM - 8 eprops - 6 comments - edit it - email it



	



:-p =p



	

Private - 1:56 AM - 2 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it



Saturday, February 17, 2001



	



Hi!  I'm writing from Jazz's house!  Yes, I know the great and wonderful
Jazz_Martyr in person.  I know, I know, how can two wonderful guys (rare
in this world), actually know each other in person?  And both be from
Canada?  Impossible you say?  Nay.  'tis true I'm afraid.  He's my best
friend, and my Nemeis.  So, I just thought I'd get that off my chest. 



We're currently playing a game called driver 2.  It's interesting, and
I'm wondering whether or not it will hold our attention longer than a
couple of hours.  We're both from the ADD/Sesame Street generation. 
Well, I'll speak for myself, but I'm sure he'll agree.



So I'm going to drift away from the keyboard now, and do some...
driving... but I'm sure I'll be back before the day is out. 



Happy Saturday! Hope it's a good one!



	

Private - 5:15 PM - 6 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it



Friday, February 16, 2001



	

I'm a Poet so it might surprise some of you that I've recently become
interested in quantum physics.  I'll keep you guys updated on this
venture.  I'm just itching to search the internet for all the wonderful
reading material. 



	

Private - 9:07 PM - 4 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



	



Old Word of the Day: "neck-verse"



This one is pretty self explanitory... well, after you hear the
deffinition, anyway. =)



"Psalm 51:'Have mercy on me, O God, according to thy loving kindness,
according unto the multitude of thy tender mercies blot out my
transgressions.' This verse was so called because it was the
'trial-verse' of those who claimed 'benefit of clergy'; and if they
could read it, the ordinary of Newgate said, Legit ut clericus, and the
convict saved his neck, being only burnt in the hand and set at
liberty." - Ebenezer Brewer's Dictionary of Phrase and Fable, 1898



If a clerk had been taken

For stealing of bacon,

For burglary, murder or rape;

If he could but rehearse

Well prompt his neck-verse,

He could never fail to escape.

-British Apollo, 1710



So there you have it! May it give you as many hours of enjoyment as it
gave me.  And may your neck-verses keep you all safe.  Ciao.



	

Private - 6:29 PM - 2 eprops - add comments - edit it - email it





Friday, February 16, 2001



	



*gasp* I looked at my weblog, and realized I only posted once today! 
And it wasn't my 'old word of the day'!  Sorry for all you who are at
the edge of their dining room seats this fine friday evening.  I'll have
to post the "old word of the day" now.



	

Private - 6:22 PM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



	



I Dwell on the Past a great deal sometimes.  I mean, I try not to have
regrets but there are some things in my past I'm not  proud of.  I've
hurt people, and only now are appologizing for things they have long
forgotten.  One thing I love and hate is that my memory reaches far
back, and is very, very strong. 



What I tell myself when I dwell on the past, though, is I am happy with
who I am now.  I mean, on of my biggest fears is forgetting who I am.  I
believe this is because I like who I am.  Since I like who I am, and
everything I have lived up until this point has made me ther person I
am.  I cannot regret anything in the past.  Because to regret the past
would be to regret me... and at this point in my life, I don't regret
me.



Right now I am going to sleep, to forget about the past, and dream of
the future.  Right now, I'm going to relish the person that is me.  I'm
going to dive deep into the recesses of my psyche and hope I don't get
hurt.  Wish me luck. 



Sweet Dreams!



	

Private - 12:43 AM - 6 eprops - 3 comments - edit it - email it



Thursday, February 15, 2001



	



oOPixie_StixOo posed a question in a pervious post about The Wheel of
Time series.  "Which is your favorite character?" (that might not be an
exact quote).  I have to think about it... the two characters I like the
most are Loial and Perrin.  Simply because I am most like them.  If they
were combined... Poial... or Lerrin... maybe. 



No, I'll have to say Loial.  People who know me, trust crisco.  I mean,
he's my favorite character.  Sure, magic is cool.  Saidin sounds...
great... well, except for the madness thing.  At least until after the
7'th book.  Perrin is cool too, speaking to wolves and all.  Golden
eyes, a lord... Matrim, luck be a lady tonight!  He's just not my style
really.  Female characters... they're okay, but I'm a guy, it's a "who
do I relate to" thing.  Lan is also a good character, but he's not my
style either.  I like Loial. 



My favorite female character is Min.  She's just, a good character.  I
like her personality, and, if she were real, I'm sure I'd like her.  So
there you have it, my take on some of the characters of The Wheel of
Time.



	

Private - 11:15 PM - 6 eprops - 6 comments - edit it - email it



	

Survivor is on now... just one question.  Who is watching the show?  Who
likes the show?  Who hates the show?  Who thinks they would be the best
survivor and why?



	

Private - 8:06 PM - 4 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it



	



I did it!  I finished book seven of the wheel of time series!  I'm
almost caught up now.  What a gripping series.  I find myself using the
slang from the books now.  Light! I can't stop using the slang... it
just makes sense now.  Blood and bloody ashes!  The words just keep
coming.  I'm not even kidding, though it may seem so, I really find
myself using them.  I've got to join some support group or something.



Anybody else gripped by the world of The Dragon Reborn? 



	

Private - 6:33 PM - 5 eprops - 3 comments - edit it - email it



Thursday, February 15, 2001



	



I found perfection in a bottle of coke.



I found bodily rejection in a bottle of coke.



I guess we were never meant to drink the stuff.



(said while speaking through the hole in my stomach)



	

Private - 1:10 PM - 2 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it



	



Lunch Time and as promised, here I am.  I almost missed having enough
money in my account today to allow an important cheque to go through. 
That's not good.  On the bright side though, I did get enough money in
my account on time.  I hope.  I'm not sure if they tried cashing the
cheque before lunchtime... in my experience businesses do that after
lunch. *Fingers crossed*. 



Poetry seems to come to me when I'm doing anything other than trying to
write poetry.  I guess that's just the way my muse likes to work.  I
think she likes to know that if she inturrupts me during something
important, that I'll focus on her despite my other duties.  The fact is,
she is more important to me than... work.  I know I talk about my muse
as an entity, but I'm just personifying the inspirations I get.  I used
to think that when I wrote, I was being inhabited, or taken over, by
long dead writers.  Simply because I didn't know how I could have
written the things I did.  Poetry mostly.  I mean, I've gone through
many styles, and in the many poems that I've written, there have been
some good ones, that I don't even remember writing.  Ah well, when the
muse calls, I just have to answer.



Addictions?  Anybody addicted to something in their lives?  A flavour, a
person, a feeling a drug?  I'm addicted to being filled with... my muse,
inspiration.  I get goosebumps. =)  So, tell all about your certain
addictions.  We all have 'em illegal or not. 



	

Private - 12:58 PM - 6 eprops - 3 comments - edit it - email it



	



I didn’t know you still existed

trapped there in a recess in my mind.

frozen forever

in your perfect state of innocence.

 

Your perfect state of denial.

 

How did you see the world?

Pure and good?

It isn’t like that anymore.

Not since the apple fell far from the tree.

Not since the garden, where you and me,

used to walk free.



	

Private - 7:04 AM - 2 eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



	



Old Word of the Day: "primovant"



"In ancient astronomy, that sphere which was supposed to carry the fixed
stars in their daily motions, to which all the other orbs were
attached." -William Whitney's Century Dictionary, 1889



By the way, I get all these words from the Forgotten English desk
callendar by Jeffry Kacirk.  It's quite a good callendar.  Anyway,
toodles. (Oh gee, I used the word toodles... perhaps someday it'll be in
such a callendar.)



	

Private - 6:47 AM - 2 eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



	



Greetings: I hope that you all are enjoying your stay at Akatiez' Villa.
 There are currently 9 people staying at the Villa.  As you can see,
even with the 9 people, it's not too crowded.  I think it's the size of
Akatiez' Villa that makes it a comfortable stay.



The Coconut Song by Harry Nilson is one of my favorite songs.  I've
heard it in a couple of  movies and it just... has a good rhythm.  "Put
the lime in the coconut, and drink a bowl up"  Ahh.  I think it's about
Marguarita's... tequila, mmm.  I love marguarita's.  Anyway, I shouldn't
be thinking of marguarita's this early in the morning... shower time!



Drinks: What's  your favorite alcoholic drink?  Or if you abstain from
the touch of alcohol, what's your  favorite thing to drink? 



	

Private - 6:40 AM - 6 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it



Thursday, February 15, 2001



	



I found perfection in a bottle of coke.



I found bodily rejection in a bottle of coke.



I guess we were never meant to drink the stuff.



(said while speaking through the hole in my stomach)



	

Private - 1:10 PM - 2 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it



	



Lunch Time and as promised, here I am.  I almost missed having enough
money in my account today to allow an important cheque to go through. 
That's not good.  On the bright side though, I did get enough money in
my account on time.  I hope.  I'm not sure if they tried cashing the
cheque before lunchtime... in my experience businesses do that after
lunch. *Fingers crossed*. 



Poetry seems to come to me when I'm doing anything other than trying to
write poetry.  I guess that's just the way my muse likes to work.  I
think she likes to know that if she inturrupts me during something
important, that I'll focus on her despite my other duties.  The fact is,
she is more important to me than... work.  I know I talk about my muse
as an entity, but I'm just personifying the inspirations I get.  I used
to think that when I wrote, I was being inhabited, or taken over, by
long dead writers.  Simply because I didn't know how I could have
written the things I did.  Poetry mostly.  I mean, I've gone through
many styles, and in the many poems that I've written, there have been
some good ones, that I don't even remember writing.  Ah well, when the
muse calls, I just have to answer.



Addictions?  Anybody addicted to something in their lives?  A flavour, a
person, a feeling a drug?  I'm addicted to being filled with... my muse,
inspiration.  I get goosebumps. =)  So, tell all about your certain
addictions.  We all have 'em illegal or not. 



	

Private - 12:58 PM - 6 eprops - 3 comments - edit it - email it



	



I didn’t know you still existed

trapped there in a recess in my mind.

frozen forever

in your perfect state of innocence.

 

Your perfect state of denial.

 

How did you see the world?

Pure and good?

It isn’t like that anymore.

Not since the apple fell far from the tree.

Not since the garden, where you and me,

used to walk free.



	

Private - 7:04 AM - 2 eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



	



Old Word of the Day: "primovant"



"In ancient astronomy, that sphere which was supposed to carry the fixed
stars in their daily motions, to which all the other orbs were
attached." -William Whitney's Century Dictionary, 1889



By the way, I get all these words from the Forgotten English desk
callendar by Jeffry Kacirk.  It's quite a good callendar.  Anyway,
toodles. (Oh gee, I used the word toodles... perhaps someday it'll be in
such a callendar.)



	

Private - 6:47 AM - 2 eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



	



Greetings: I hope that you all are enjoying your stay at Akatiez' Villa.
 There are currently 9 people staying at the Villa.  As you can see,
even with the 9 people, it's not too crowded.  I think it's the size of
Akatiez' Villa that makes it a comfortable stay.



The Coconut Song by Harry Nilson is one of my favorite songs.  I've
heard it in a couple of  movies and it just... has a good rhythm.  "Put
the lime in the coconut, and drink a bowl up"  Ahh.  I think it's about
Marguarita's... tequila, mmm.  I love marguarita's.  Anyway, I shouldn't
be thinking of marguarita's this early in the morning... shower time!



Drinks: What's  your favorite alcoholic drink?  Or if you abstain from
the touch of alcohol, what's your  favorite thing to drink? 



	

Private - 6:40 AM - 6 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it







Thursday, February 15, 2001



	

Yay!  My last post for Valentine's day, and my first post for Thursday! 
Woo hoo.  I'm goin' to bed now.  Talk to y'all at lunch tomorrow.  Sleep
well, and dream away to your hearts content.  I guess I can't hope for a
dream of Xanga... I mean, Xanga is always with me.  It's a part of me
now, my space online that nobody can... well, that... well, it's my
space online anyway. =)  So, off I go into the mysterious world of
dreams.  G'night!



	

Private - 12:03 AM - 4 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



Wednesday, February 14, 2001



	



Old Word of the Day: "fumbler"



"An unperforming husband, one that is insufficient; Fumbler's Hall, the
place where such are to be put for their nonperformance." -B.E.'s
Dictionary of the Canting Crew, 1699



I realize I posted one already, but there are so many words... I just
had to post one more tonight.  I mean, I have to have some thrills
before I go to sleep and then wake up for work. :-D



	

Private - 11:29 PM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



	



Old word of the day: "snoutfair"



This word used to stand for: "A person with a handsome countenance."
-Rovert Nares's Glossary of the Works of English Authors, 1859



	

Private - 11:25 PM - 2 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it



	

Random Act of Poetry(RAP):



An ancient figure

of a man,

reading poetry

from the back of

a matchbook.



"gone are the days

when the spirit roamed free,

and the land was as yet

undiscovered"



(and below in small print)



"Strike anywhere"

(made in the USA)



He wonders

if you can strike them

anywhere in the USA,

or just anywhere.



	

Private - 11:09 PM - 1 eprop - 2 comments - edit it - email it



	

Life: I love life.  I just do.  What a beautiful world in which we live.
 Trees, oceans, rivers, Canada.  Well, I'm kind of biased on that last
one, but heck, everyone's allowed to love their country.  I'm not saying
my life is perfect, but I really, really, love being able to breath my
first "awake" breath every morning.  I love lying beneath the light of
the full moon, and gazing up at Orion and his upsidedown self.  I love
the wind through my hair, I love helping people, I love people!  What
can I say, life is envigorating.  I have my down days, but today isn't
one of them.  I just wanted to share that jubilation that I was feeling
today.  Not because it's Valentine's day, but because it's another day. 
Another day in which I get to breathe and listen to the music of life. 
Hope you had a good one!



	

Private - 10:47 PM - 2 eprops - add comments - edit it - email it





Wednesday, February 14, 2001



	



I'd like to take some time to thank my current subscribers right now. 
Thank you:



Pureza just joined while I was posting this... so I'll add her to this
list now.  She is an incredible woman who has a great personality and it
comes through in her comments, and posts.  I can feel the charisma
flowing off of them!  Read and see!  =)



StandsWithaFist is a wonderful Xanganite who has a passion for writing
which I share.  A very colourful individual who goes forth in Xangaland
wielding an eight-ball and a sharp wit.  A must visit to all.



Rapture is someone who's expertise is being herself.  I admire that. 
I'm no expert at being myself quite yet.  With practice though, I'm sure
I'll get there.  A good read, and good talent coming from this site. 



Kylee is currently having problems with her car.  If anyone can help
her... I'm sure she would appreciate it!  She's also definately in the
Valentine spirit! 



Jazz_Martyr is quite a good read.  It seems we have a good deal in
common, and his writing is good as well.  A guaranteed good read.  Even
if he isn't Picese like me.  I mean, we can't all be Picese. =)



Bondlife is a very intesting person.  I find it a quite informative site
and suggest you all read and learn.  He has some great ideas on life. 
Interesting ideas, but great as well!



Greek_to_me is a Picese.  That automatically makes her a great person. 
And her posts reflect that.  I suggest you read and bask in the glory
that is Picese. =)  (I'm not that vain about my sign... am I?)



	

Private - 9:59 PM - 4 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



Tuesday, February 13, 2001



	

Work: Here I sit, in front of a computer.  I wait for something...
anything to break the monotany.  I don't mind working people, don't
missunderstand, but they don't have anything for me to do.  Yeah!  I
don't understand it myself, there's always something to do.  Wait!  I
have a task.  My job, from this time forth, it seems, is to break stuff!
 My boss just told me to break the programs that they wrote any way I
can.  WooHoo.  Quality Control, finally!  Well, I gotta get to WORK now.
 Ciao.  Happy valentines day!  I may not be back on till late on
valentines day. *puppy dog face* Will you be my valentine?



	

Private - 1:04 PM - 6 eprops - 4 comments - edit it - email it



	



SO! I missed my commute this morning.  I'll have to catch a later bus
now.  On a week where I'm going for the most hours I can, I'm not doing
very well.  I can't wait till my writing makes me rich and famous.  Then
life will be made. (Something's wrong with the previouis statement).  I
don't really seek to be rich though.  I just want enough money to get
by, and to write in peace.  My muse and I.  The thing is, I've taken a
liking to travel.  I... am an addict... and it's been so long since my
last fix. =(  No!  Don't pity me...



Bold: Oh, I have to mention, that I got this idea to bold the first
word, or title of each paragraph that I wrote.  This idea was inspired
(borrowed) from James.  Thanks for the idea James.  I really liked it,
and it helps bring a weblog to life.



Now I sit and think about how I'm missing hours of work and sitting in
front of Xangaland.  Oh, oh, a Jerry Springer moment coming on... "Don't
judge me!  Don't judge me!  You don't know me, you don't know my life!" 
Okay done.  =)  Now really, I'm not addicted to writing and having it
get read by people.  Really.  I don't need that kind of satisfaction.
(well...)  So anyway, I'd just like to thank my first 5 subscribers who
I will name at a later time.  I'm out for the night after work, so...
tomorrow then!  Anyway, I hope that the rest of you had better luck
getting in to work.  May your muse be prolific and your words profound. 
Have a good one.



Akatiez



	

Private - 8:23 AM - 8 eprops - 3 comments - edit it - email it



	

Good morning Xanga!  I didn't dream of you. =( 



	

Private - 8:08 AM - add eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



	

G'night Xanga, I'll dream of you tonight.



	

Private - 12:05 AM - 4 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



Monday, February 12, 2001



	

Evening Festivities: For this evening, we will be gathering in the
lounge to share travel experiences.  To any who have traveled away from
their place of birth, you are welcome to share your story.  I love
traveling, and well, love hearing about other places.  So, if you so
choose, stand up, grab the mike... it's on.



	

Private - 11:01 PM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



	

until it speaks... nothing.

Until it moves... nothing.

But then, oh then, such vibrance.

Such emotion.



	

Private - 9:24 PM - 2 eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



	



I'm a writer, and as a writer I have a muse.  At least I believe I have
a muse.  I know that not all writers feel the same way about muses, but,
humour me for now.  Whenever I am stuck in writing, and can't get
anywhere, I just appeal to my muse.  I write a poem that is spoken
directly to my muse.  It usually works.  I'm going to post one such
appeal below:



 

Have I offended thee, oh muse,

You who inspire my every word,

Or was your being, merely ruse,

And not your voice I’ve often heard.

 

Who late at night to me did sing,

Your voice melodious and bright

And taught me life by eagle’s wing

My ever hidden great sixth sight.

 

If I’m at fault, with me the blame,

Then tell me how to reconcile.

I wish to know again your name,

Please come to me and rest a while.

 

I know I’ve loved your company

Although it’s mem’ry’s fading fast.

So words I’ll weave in symphony,

But first your voice, to me enmast.



	

Private - 7:43 PM - 4 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



Sunday, February 11, 2001



	



I tried to rouse the muse, but she would not listen.  I tried to inhale
inspiration, but it's sweet aroma was not there.  So now I go to the
land of dreams ruled by Morpheus.  May he send me more of the dreams I
desire.  Sweet dreams all you Xanganites, and may flights of angels sing
thee to thy sleep.  (This is, without doubt, the LAST post for me on
Sunday.)  G'night.



 



	

Private - 11:32 PM - 4 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



	



Will this be the last post for Sunday?  I know not, in fact, I care not.
 I have a feeling that I'll be posting odd things till my laundry is
done.  Since it's close to 12:00 though, perhaps it will be the last. 
Who can ever know in such matters.  So, I've told you all I'm a writer,
and have only posted one poem.  I realize that for one day, I've done
pretty well in posting more than one entry, but I feel, as yet
unfulfilled.  Perhaps a poem is coming on, my muse doesn't tell me until
the inspiration takes to me like a torch to a gassoline soaked car.  I
hope she sends something good my way, I'm craving some decent word-play.
 Well, I'm sure you'll all get to see the results.  I'm trying to be as
uninhibited with this weblog as I can be.  Just hit me if I'm ever
being... vague.  Till inspiration strikes, I think I'll... sit.



-Akatiez



	

Private - 11:07 PM - 2 eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



Sunday, February 11, 2001



	

And I just can't get enough... and I just can't get enough.  Okay, so...
 I'm listening to "Girlfriend" by Matthew sweet, and I'm dreaming about
finding the perfect "girlfriend" for me.  You know?  I'm one of those
people who believe in true love.  I know it's out there, and I'm going
to find it... I'm just a little worried.  Only because I thought I'd
find my true love a little earlier than now.  I know I'm only 20... but.
 For me, it's a long time searching.  Anyway, I can't complain, everyone
needs someone to love.  I'm just a grain of sand on a beach.  So, I
raise a toast, on this find Sunday, to all those who seek their other
halves, and also to those who have found their other halves.  Though I
may seem jealous of the happiness you've found, I truly am glad.  One
day, it will be me finding my true love.  Salut!



	

Private - 9:11 PM - 4 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



	

I feel quite content to just sit at times.  Watching life go by.  I can
stare at a tree for a while, and not get bored.  I don't know if that
makes me wierd, but the world is just to beuatiful to let go by without
notice.  I just want all of you who care to, to take some time and
'smell the roses'.  If not now, when?  Time is fleeting.  Enjoy the day!




	

Private - 6:01 PM - 4 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



	



Poetry Way:



Does it matter anymore

who I was?

My identity was never

set in stone



more like a gelatenous mass

hungry for change

aching to be filled with

anything...



               different.

she changed me in a way

that satisfied.



	

Private - 12:53 PM - 2 eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



	

Good morning! I hope you all enjoyed your sleep.  Now it's time for yet
another day, yet another Sunday.  (Of course, I've noticed a great deal
of Australian's out there, so happy Monday to you all)  I haven't gone
out to visit you all quite yet, but I think that right after (or during)
breakfast I'll do just that.  I'm looking forward to meetin some of the
wonderful talent out there in the world.  Well, I'm going to get
breakfast prepared, you are welcome to join me in the dining hall.  Till
next we meet.



	

Private - 10:22 AM - 3 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



	

Welcome to my Villa!  Welcome one and all!  This is my haven on the net.
 A place where I remain masked.  A place where my family's prying eyes
can not read my feelings, or desires.  I feel free!  But enough about
me.  How about you?  No... I still want to talk about me just a little
longer.  I'm a writer.  Period.  I'm at school to become a writer with a
degree.  I have thoughts about the world, I have thoughts about people,
and I have thoughts about life.  (They might tie into my thoughts on the
world).  So, I hope you enjoy the writing's I'll write, the rantings
I'll rant, and the thoughts I'll think.  I'm sure I'll enjoy yours.  Oh,
and I welcome any and all comments on my writing.  So feel free.  One
more thing... are my colours okay?  I mean, I'm not sure if they are
readable enough.  I don't want my fonts to be too dark on some people's
computers... gotta hate that.  Well, hope you all have a good night.



	

Private - 12:09 AM - 5 eprops - 4 comments - edit it - email it

