Sunday, July 20, 2003



	



I'm a collector of experience. 



Wispy, drifting.  I still am, and always will be floating. 



Between here and there.



Now and then.



Be well,



Abax



	

Public - 3:51 PM - 2 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



Tuesday, February 04, 2003



	



It is a chain, really...



That holds me to this place.  I'm stretching my wings, spreading my
arms, looking with my 'inside' eyes. 



Forever lives inside those springs eternal.  Hope?



Distant brooding and a word stuck in my head. "Obfuscate".  I haven't
looked it up yet. 



A gentle annoyance.



Another day.



Abax



	

Public - 2:09 PM - 2 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



Thursday, May 23, 2002



	

BOO!



	

Public - 2:07 PM - 2 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



Saturday, February 24, 2001



	



Saturday Yahoo's!



Um, I noticed I was missed. =)  I, in an attempt to escape those known
by me in my real world, created an alter site.  After this alter-site
was created, I found my other (this site) site dwindle as far as
postings.  Now how about this, I challenge all of you who care to know,
to find my new site and send me an e-mail from it.  I haven't changed
much, just the site name, since the people in my real life only know of
this one... So, I challenge you to find me.  If you cannot, and really
do want to know who I am.  Send me an e-mail to this site, and I'll tell
you.  So, Abaxial waves goodbye for now, and



I'll see you on the other side of reality.



Yours in truth,



Abax.



	

Public - 10:27 AM - 4 eprops - 4 comments - edit it - email it



Monday, February 12, 2001



	



MONDAY BLUES: Well, I'm not really all that blue really.  I kind of
liked today actually.  Except for the fact that I have a great deal of
'stuff' to get sorted out by the end of the month, I'm doing pretty
good.  So, dreams...



Dreams: Another dream memory.  How about... this one!  I was 7 years
old.



I am in my school yard.  In the ground, I notice these big, bird-like
footprints in the ground.  (This is just after I was flying around the
school grounds).  The footprints are likened to what would be left by
the road runner, I think to myself.  Now I'm in my apartment building.
(They are an eerie setting for dreams, let me tell ya)  In the hall,
there are the footprints again.  I go to the elevator, because I know
that the bird is after me... the giant road runner.  In the elevator is
a baby.  In the pit of my mind, I know that this baby is really the big
road runner, but I don't realize at first, but I'm afraid.  The elevator
closes, and opens again, and it's the giant road runner.  I remember
running for a while, trying to hide in various places in the building. 
Then I woke up. 



As you probably noticed... this wasn't one of the dreams in which I had
control, or realized I was dreaming.  I'll relate one of those next
time. 



	

Public - 11:26 PM - 10 eprops - 6 comments - edit it - email it



Sunday, February 11, 2001



	



Sunday, Sunday. (*do doo do doo do doo do*) I know the song is actually
Monday monday, but hey, I have a right to change things right?  Right?? 
Okay, I'm done my *trippin'*.



Anyone know what a molecular reversion field is?  I just heard it from
the tv in the background here.  Gotta love ambient sound.



So, I'm going to write a little later again.  I'm going to browse
through Xanga-Land and take a look around.



	

Public - 11:27 AM - 4 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it







Saturday, February 10, 2001



	

I brought my lips to hers today, and I don't regret it. We've kissed so
many times before. I was in the moment, the solitary moment. There was
no yesterday, or tomorrow. The passion took me, and I kissed some more.
Why is it, on the bus back home, I was consumed with the future once
more? Where it would take us in our relationship. I love her, but I fear
that we aren't for each other. I fear a great deal of things, this is
just at the forefront. So I ignore the future's threats, and kiss while
she's still here.



	

Private - 11:05 PM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



	

Dream Memory:



Okay, this one is going back a little while. It's actually the only
dream I can say that was not in colour. Only because there wasn't any
picture. I was 6 years old and was dreaming black. In the background I
was listening to old country love songs. Through it all, I was laughing
my head off! Now, I was awoken from my dream by my mother saying,
"Shane? Are you okay? You were laughing.".



To this day, I really don't understand why she woke me up... I didn't
think about it at the time, but why would a parent wake their child up
from a dream that was making them laugh! Oh well, it was only country
music... I'm still laughing.



	

Public - 8:42 PM - 10 eprops - 7 comments - edit it - email it



	

Dreams



I think I might have touched on this subject before, but I'll explain in
more detail now. I love m y dreams. I've loved my dreams since I was old
enough to remember my dreams. When I was young, I dreamt almost every
night, and in each dream I was almost always fully aware it was a dream.
On top of this wonderful piece of knowledge, I was able to control my
dreams. I could blink after saying I wanted to be somewhere, or want
something to happen, and it would be so. Now you know why I love dreams.
I could escape from the rules, escape from school, escape from strict
parents (at the time), and do ANYTHING I wanted. From time to time I'm
going to share a memory from my dreams. Like I've said before, they are
just as vivid as my life's memories, if not a little surreal. I always
dream in colour. Never have I not dreamt in colour, and for that I am
happy. Anyway, to any of my future dream posts, comment on my dreams,
leave some of your own dream memories, or just read and enjoy my
internal universe.



	

Public - 8:38 PM - 2 eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



Friday, February 09, 2001



	



You're blue — the most soothing shade of the spectrum. The color of a
clear summer sky or a deep, reflective ocean, blue has traditionally
symbolized trust, solitude, and loyalty. Most likely a thoughtful person
who values spending some time on your own, you'd rather connect deeply
with a few people than have a bunch of slight acquaintances. Luckily,
making close friends isn't that hard, since people are naturally
attracted to you — they're soothed by your calming presence. Cool and
collected, you rarely overreact. Instead, you think things through
before coming to a decision. That level-headed, thoughtful approach to
life is patently blue — and patently you!



	

Private - 1:07 PM - 10 eprops - 5 comments - edit it - email it



	

German ShepherdAbaxial, you're a German Shepherd!



No bones, about it, you're a loyal, hard-working German Shepherd.
Dedicated and always low-maintenance, people flock to you — they know
they can count on you to get any job done, and done well. That focus and
attention to detail spans from your personal to your professional life,
too. Although you can be a bit of a perfectionist when it comes to the
projects you tackle, you still manage to keep cool and laid-back in
social situations. You get a kick out of the little things and thrive
when you're constantly busy and on-the-go. Easygoing and unpretentious,
you don't need constant pampering and reassurance. A genuine, carefree
pup, you're a true-blue friend, employee, and partner. Woof!



	

Private - 12:45 PM - 2 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it





Friday, February 09, 2001



	

Come on guys, no joy-kills allowed.  It's friday, and the world shall
rejoice!  Come scat with me...  There we go, in honor of friday today,
and fridays everywhen, lets all scat.  Just comment in scat.  Go for how
the words sound.  Ahh, gotta love words... gotta love fridays!



	

Public - 10:15 AM - 6 eprops - 5 comments - edit it - email it



	



Friday!  Friday! Ra! Ra! Ra! 



Ho hum.  Dum de dum. Sloot back a nack track.  Stitty nitty boom bang
ditty, gonna frwip the pritty gritty.  Gimme a wimme or noz a bong doom.
 Cuz I mont bwanna still dwanna itty witty poom.



	

Public - 6:57 AM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



Thursday, February 08, 2001



	

In this spirit of a fast approaching friday I just want to say... SMILE!
 Then again, I think it's already friday down under.  If so, G'day! 
Ooooooh, the weekend is almost here!  Just. Have. To. Make. It. Through.
Tomorrow.  Have a good night folks.  I just put a poem on before that I
found on the internet.  It's kind of cute.  I remember when I stumbled
upon it in grade 10 or so.  It's funny, if you remember doing any word
processing back in the days of Dos.  Have a good sleep all!



	

Public - 11:43 PM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



	



I just wanted to share with you, a little gem from the glory days of the
DOS operating system...

Abort, Retry, Ignore?



Once upon a midnight dreary, fingers cramped and vision bleary,

System manuals piled high and wasted paper on the floor,

Longing for the warmth of bed sheets, still I sat there doing
spreadsheets.

Having reached the bottom line I took a floppy from the drawer,

I then invoked the SAVE command and waited for the disk to store,

Only this and nothing more.



Deep into the monitor peering, long I sat there wond'ring, fearing,

Doubting, while the disk kept churning, turning yet to churn some more.

But the silence was unbroken, and the stillness gave no token.

"Save!" I said, "You cursed mother! Save my data from before!"

One thing did the phosphors answer, only this and nothing more,

Just, "Abort, Retry, Ignore?"



Was this some occult illusion, some maniacal intrusion?

These were choices undesired, ones I'd never faced before.

Carefully I weighed the choices as the disk made impish noises.

The cursor flashed, insistent, waiting, baiting me to type some more.

Clearly I must press a key, choosing one and nothing more,

From "Abort, Retry, Ignore?"



With fingers pale and trembling, slowly toward the keyboard bending,

Longing for a happy ending, hoping all would be restored,

Praying for some guarantee, timidly, I pressed a key.

But on the screen there still persisted words appearing as before.

Ghastly grim they blinked and taunted, haunted, as my patience wore,

Saying "Abort, Retry, Ignore?"



I tried to catch the chips off guard, and pressed again, but twice as
hard.

I pleaded with the cursed machine: I begged and cried and then I swore.

Now in mighty desperation, trying random combinations,

Still there came the incantation, just as senseless as before.

Cursor blinking, angrily winking, blinking nonsense as before.

Reading, "Abort, Retry, Ignore?"



There I sat, distraught, exhausted, by my own machine accosted.

Getting up I turned away and paced across the office floor.

And then I saw a dreadful sight: a lightning bolt cut through the night.

A gasp of horror overtook me, shook me to my very core.

The lightning zapped my previous data, lost and gone forevermore.

Not even, "Abort, Retry, Ignore?"



To this day I do not know the place to which lost data go.

What demonic nether world us wrought where lost data will be stored,

Beyond the reach of mortal souls, beyond the ether, into black holes?

But sure as there's C, Pascal, Lotus, Ashton-Tate and more,

You will one day be left to wander, lost on some Plutonian shore,

Pleading, "Abort, Retry, Ignore?"



++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++



Ahhhh.... that brings me back. =)



-Abax



	

Public - 2:23 PM - 4 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it



	



The phrase "whatever strikes your fancy"...



I've often tried striking my fancy with different things.. you know, to
try and find the perfect resonance.  I've found, though, that it hurts
when I strike my fancy.  It's often better to lash out and strike other
people's fancies.  It gives you a sense of accomplishment and peace.  To
strike another's fancy.  Right now, I'm striking my fancy with a lead
pipe.  It's not resonating very well... I think I'll try an elm stick
next. 



	

Public - 2:02 PM - 2 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it







Tuesday, February 06, 2001



	



(Written Oct 97)

Misunderstood



As a bell rings,

people look up in a trance.

Each begins to speak

on sentences that go on

without meaning for anyone

but themselves.



Time shifts.

They stop.



Eyes closed, they wait

for another bell to sound.



The echoes of their voices linger,

their words forgotten

(unwritten History waiting

for a chance to be heard).



-Abax



	

Public - 11:19 PM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



	

Shame on me for making such a pun!  Shame shame shame.  Speaking of
shame.  I once had a dream, where quakers were handing out those instant
packets of oatmeal to people who they deemed unclean, or evil.  I
remember thinking to myself... "there go those Quakers again... handin'
out oatmeal".  I have to admit, it made perfect sense in the dream....
only afterwards did it seem kinda funny.  I got a packet for myself from
them because I flew down in front of them.  I guess they don't like
people who can fly. =)  I love dreams.  Talk about escapism.  (Now I
can't wait to go to bed!)



	

Public - 3:49 PM - 6 eprops - 3 comments - edit it - email it



	



Eye see you!



<---



<---



	

Public - 1:28 PM - 2 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



	

Quotable Quotes:



"The best way to fight a woman is with your hat. Grab it and run!" -John
Barrymore



	

Public - 1:15 PM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



	

Okay!  I'm at lunch and I noticed a few guesses for my question.  As I
see it, everyone has made 'noble' guesses, if not horribly off target.  
Okay, I'll now relenquish the true source of that absolutely obscure
line.  Anyone ever heard of Ray Bradbury?  How about the tv show, Ray
Bradbury Cinema.  Where his short stories have made it into a short film
of half an hour each.  One such film, called 'the playground' stars
William Shatner as "charleeee" ahem, "charlie" and he fears this
playground.  He remembers back to the time when a bully used to harass
him.  It's an eerie short film, as are most of Ray's short films, a
little absurd, but interesting none the less.  So, there you have it. 
Since nobody got the correct answer, you all have to give me two e-props
a day for a week! =)  okay, okay... just kidding.  I'll have to come up
with yet another "stump the chump" knockoff.  Okay, stay tuned!



	

Public - 1:03 PM - 6 eprops - 4 comments - edit it - email it







Monday, February 05, 2001



I am a maelstrom

devouring, decaying

out of control.

I am a thousand sleepless nights.

I am one yearned for,

spurned for,

existing passionately here

and everywhere.

I am strength, weakness,

solitude.

I am hope, I am salvation.

I am change, chaos incarnate.

I am an emotion,

I am love.



	

Public - 9:10 PM - 8 eprops - 6 comments - edit it - email it



Sunday, February 04, 2001



	



Question:  Can anyone tell me where this obscure line comes from?  I'll
give a couple' o e-props to the correct guess.  It's really obscure, but
I'll tell you it's from both a book and someth ing that was on tv. 



"Howya doooin Chaaaarlleeeee!" (then a boy slides down one of those
twisty slides.) 



Good luck!  If anyone guesses this one correctly... I'll... I'll give em
2-eprops a day, for a week.  On top of any other deserved e-props that I
would have given out.  Good luck.



	

Public - 11:18 PM - 12 eprops - 7 comments - edit it - email it



	

Weeeeeeeeel, I'm back!  I know you were all on the edge of your seats
waiting for my bus to roll back into my home town.  Now that you mention
it, yes, it is a little sad that someone like me doesn't have a car as
of yet.  To tell you the truth, I really (and I mean REALLY) don't need
the added expense a car would give me.  I mean, why spend that much
money buying a car, and upkeeping a car, when I can live in a nice city,
with nice public transit, in a nice apartment, and buy all sorts of arts
supplies!  There's nothing better than breaking in a new pad and pen, or
taking a whiff of fresh clay.  Ahh, the world is my playground, and the
roads are my bane.  Well, I'm going to attempt to write something poetic
next.  Brace yourselves, because frankly Scarlet, I don't know what is
about to come out of my muse's inspiration.



	

Public - 10:02 PM - 4 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



Saturday, February 03, 2001



	



Have a good weekend people!  I'll be back Sunday eve.  Till then, I'm
off to Waterloo once again... and yes, it IS a nice place to vacation.
=)  Well, be well, and may your muse set you free. 



-Abax



	

Public - 1:02 AM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



Friday, February 02, 2001



	



I just read a very inspiring post about love by Jewels.  I just wanted
to share one of my favorite poems about love.



"If this be love to draw a weary breath"

If this be love, to draw a weary breath,

To paint on floods till the shore cry to th'air,

With downward looks, still reading on the earth

The sad memorials of my love's despair;

If this be love, to war against my soul,

Lie down to wail, rise up to sigh and grieve,

The never-resting stone of care to roll,

Still to complain my griefs whilst none relieve;

If this be love, to clothe me with dark thoughts,

Haunting untrodden paths to wail apart;

My pleasures horror, music tragic notes,

Tears in mine eyes and sorrow at my heart.

If this be love, to live a living death,

Then do I love and draw this weary breath.



-Samuel Daniel



It pretty much says it all.  Love can hurt so much, but it's always
worth it! 



	

Public - 10:21 PM - 4 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it









Friday, February 02, 2001



	

Aren't goosbumps great?!  One more thing that gives me goosebumps, which
I may have mentioned in another post are trees.  It has to be dawn or
dusk, with the twilight sky, and the sillhouettes of the trees staring
down at me.  I call trees that give me goosebumps "God" trees.  Simply
because there's a kind of wisdom to them.  An ancient wisdom that
communicates itself through emotion... and memories.  Trees are full of
memories.



	

Public - 10:06 PM - 2 eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



	

I want to know something from everyone out there who cares to reply. 
What gives you goosebumps?  Is it the wind through your hair on a
summer's day?  Is it the rain on your face?  A particular song?  A
memory?  If there is something that never fails to give you goosebumps
(besides the cold), and you care to share, please do!  =)  Have a good
afternoon!



	

Public - 1:51 PM - 17 eprops - 12 comments - edit it - email it



	

Smile!  It's snowing outside! =)



	

Public - 11:40 AM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



	

She came into my life like a whirlwind, and left in much the same
fashion. Chaos swirled around her, not good nor bad, but however
constant change is aligned at any particular moment. She was one of
those people whose actions make a difference, who’s very greeting can
change the course of everything to come. It wasn’t just charisma, it
was a glow, an imperceptible radiant glow that enveloped all who came
within a smile’s distance.



	

Private - 12:16 AM - 12 eprops - 7 comments - edit it - email it



Thursday, February 01, 2001



	

I suppose the only way a writer can ever become established is if he
writes once and a while. I mean, who ever heard of a write that never
wrote a single word. I know I’m not that bad, but if it’s all the
same to you I think I’ll write a little more than I usually do. I
think I can see a story developing behind my horrible narration. A good
story at that, if only it became just a little clearer. I think,
perhaps, that most of what I write in life will inherently be about me.
I mean, when it comes down to it, it’ll be me explaining myself.
Trying to tell the world how I feel, and why. How the trees give me
goose bumps, how a single song, I could listen to a thousand times and
never be sick of it.



I think that I’m becoming better at just writing things down. I mean,
I can get to a page pretty quickly, and I’m faster on the keyboard.
Well, I guess I’ve been fast since grade 9. I had a good teacher… I
wonder how she’s doing? It’s funny, but I really miss her. She’s
the kind of person I would like my wife to be when she’s grown older.
Zany, kind, caring, sensitive, loving, cautious, and helpful. And still
glowing through it all.



I suppose I can sleep now, now that I’ve gotten at least a little bit
of writing out of my system. Now I can sink in to my bed and let my own
dreams take hold of me. I can see my love’s true colours, her true
face. I think that I’m in love with my muse. In love with her idea’s
her power over me. I think that writers are only every truly in love
with their muses, and if they’re lucky their muses take the shape of a
mortal woman (or man) whom they can touch with more than their mind.



Who knows, I sound crazy, I still remember what dreams are made of
though. I know that all things are possible simply because the hardest
thing to deal with in life is true. There most certainly is a God, and
if this is true, what cannot be true? If something can exist that is so
powerful, and so eternal, how can there be anything that is not possible
in this world. Our minds are not used at full capacity, but we have the
power to create, we have the power to at least give our muses a shell…
not the kind of shell that our souls reside in, but the shell of a book
and it’s pages. We give paper a soul and she is what we make her. We
shape her right from the beginning, the true power of creation. She can
be shaped to be hurting, loving, or simply straightforward and factual.
But we have the power to create a life that will outlive even the oldest
people. For that, I thank God, and for that, I march forward, creating
for good, serving the good and my God.



Peace to all,



Abaxial.



	

Private - 10:40 PM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it









Thursday, February 01, 2001



	

You know what? I have a lot to say. I just realized that at times I just
sit here thinking things, waiting for some comments, when I could have
been writing things down, and making more opportunities for myself to be
read. So, zut to e-props, and zut to comments. Not that they're not nice
or anything, but I have to stop hovering over the refresh button waiting
to be read. So, hey, I hope you enjoy my words.



	

Public - 10:32 PM - 6 eprops - 3 comments - edit it - email it



	



I seek release

from forces unrelenting.

This torrent of emotion

keeps me tempest-tossed,

without a port to call home.

Send me a rainbow;

a small good luck sign,

to keep me safe.



	

Public - 10:28 PM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



Wednesday, January 31, 2001



	



 Music of life(Nature)



There was a time the music played for me

Stars sung their perfect harmony

Frogs gave their deep bass part

Crickets all in unison

Lightened true my heart.



I danced then to the music, it was sweet

Swaying back and forth to the beat

The jungle rhythm blues

Locomotive jazz

 Never thought to lose.



I lay then on the Bedrock, smooth and cool

Taking in the stillness of the pool

Clean blue waters undisturbed

Bright clear skies above

The music unperturbed.



My eyes grew heavy as the sky grew dark,

I gently fell asleep within that park

The moon sang of sweet melody

Courting the sun as the

Stars blinked with jealousy.



The world sleeps while I dream of love and hate,

Getting grouped for yet another date.

The song must soon find end

Springs all worn

Another world to mend.





	

Public - 11:09 PM - 4 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it



	



What an amazing world it is in which we live! I was just watching "The
Nature of Things" with David Suzuki and they showed something about
termite mounds. After a seasonal rainfall, at night, there are these
beetle grubs that are luminescent and attract the flying termites and
ants. They then grab them and pull them into their lair. You have to
understand, they showed the footage at night, it was simply amazing.
Green lights, thousands of them over all the termite mounds. I know,
you're thinking... termites? But just think, of the scene, a galaxy of
green lights on our own earth. Wow!



-Abax



	

Public - 11:05 PM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



	

I am not now, nor have I ever, been involved in the coalition for the
beautification of planets. This unfortunate fact has left me a desolate
wreck, and lunchtime insanity is all I have to show for it.



	

Public - 12:39 PM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it







Wednesday, January 31, 2001



	



I know I'm not the world's greatest writer, nor all my thoughts of an
ingenius mind. I do know, however, that the perfection of my soul lies
in the acceptance of my imperfection.



(Oh, I'm not the world's greatest writer yet... but I have every
intention of becoming one of the best... so watch out world!)



G'night sweet Xanga, may flights of angels sing thee to thy sleep.



-Abax



	

Public - 12:34 AM - 2 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it



Tuesday, January 30, 2001



	



Gone?

Where has the passion gone?

The rawness of life.

When the sky’s vivid colour

Lent itself to creation

And the mystery of things.

 

Where has the passion gone?

The lustiness for life.

The totality of being human.

Mortal tendrils dug deep 

Into the soul of our

Earth mother.

 

Where has the passion gone?

The solitude of life.

An autumn breeze through 

Multicoloured trees on rolling hills.

Soft tones speaking comfort

To a sleeping country

In hopes of rebirth.



	

Private - 10:10 PM - 2 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



	

Enough about memories now... Except that I have to remember to go to
sleep now. G'night all.



	

Public - 12:06 AM - 3 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it



Monday, January 29, 2001



	



In the silence of the moment I am taken back to a memory of black and
white. I see it clearly, defined by the sharp lines that can still be
held in memories, those special flash bulb memories:



I am in kindergarden. I am standing beside a portable with a screen
grate that covers an opening to the underneath of the portable. I bend
over and peer through and across the way, on the other side of the
portable is another such screen with a girl peering back at me. She
became my friend, and often we would play "Unicorns" in our school's
field. I have never forgotten her, even though I moved to Australia in
the middle of grade 1. She haunts my memories still.



-Abax



	

Public - 11:31 PM - 2 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



	



Work work work, yippy yay, yippy yay.



work work work, yippy yay. =(



	

Public - 10:42 AM - 2 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it







Sunday, January 28, 2001



	



(*bleary eyed, and wary of the fast approaching new day*) "G'night you
watchmen at the post, may your night be restful and your dreams full of
calm oceans."



-Abax



(By using the term watchmen, I was going for flow, as writing
watchpeople would have sounded forced. Of course, I am not now, nor ever
have been sexist and hereby state that I consider watchmen to apply to
all peoples upon the earth. Thank you very much. Have a good sleep.)



	

Public - 11:54 PM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



	



Confessions



"It burns" I confessed

as my night weathered eyes

caught the light in her face.



"It burns, and... I'm sorry"

it's all I could say

caught up in the glory

of dawn that appeared

when she smiled.



"No need" was all she replied.



-Abax



	

Private - 11:51 PM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



	

Hi All! Nice to be back from my trip to Waterloo. I'm not sure if you
all know this, but I'm Canadian. Now, first of all, I did not in fact
travel by dogsled to get to Waterloo; and second, I did not stay in an
Igloo while I was there. However, it was gosh darned cold outside. =) I
was overwealmed by the astounding number of eprops (for me) that I
recieved for simply mentioning my new pic. (Though I must commend myself
once again for my disco frog). Thank you all for your comments and your
laughter. Ciao ciao. (I just know I"m going to write another post right
after this one, so it's not goodbye... it's just 'see ya soon'. -Abax



	

Public - 11:47 PM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



Friday, January 26, 2001



	

Okay, changed my image again. I think disco frog is suitable for this
weekend. Happy hunting, merry dancing, and jovial galavanting to you
all.



	

Public - 12:50 AM - 15 eprops - 7 comments - edit it - email it



	



Ahh, another Friday, and here I am awake to experience the first few
hours. Sigh, but then I have work for 8 hours... then I go home and get
ready for my trip this weekend. That's right folks, Abaxial's going on a
little trip so his weblog will be unupdated for the weekend. Don't worry
though, come Sunday all will be righted in the world. Well, all will be
righted in Abax's weblog world anyhow. Enjoy the weekend friends.



-Abax





Thursday, January 25, 2001



	

something changed

when I kissed her

the mountains

should have shouted

their joyous cheers!



...



but their silence was

loud enough.



-Abax



	

Private - 8:52 AM - 4 eprops - 3 comments - edit it - email it



	

Ever post something and wish you could take it back? I just did. I guess
I do have the power to delete it. But I wont. It will forever be a
testament to what happens when I write while under the influence of
being tired. Insanity. Oh well, please mock sparingly, as I probably can
only take so much in this state. Have a splendiferous day.



	

Public - 12:09 AM - 2 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



Wednesday, January 24, 2001



	

Oh gee, I'm a flea,

on this little earth's back

sucking all the resources dry.



Oh gee, I'm a flea,

look at me, look at me

It's all gone, now I think I will die.



-Abaxial (you thought I wouldn't claim authorship of this one eh?)



	

Public - 11:29 PM - 2 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it



Sunday, January 21, 2001



	

Ah, to be a god. I just purchased sim city 3000. It's yet another in a
long line of addictive simulations brought to us by maxis. If you are
unfamiliar with Maxis and their games, suffice to say, they give
everyone with a computer the power of a god. Sim City is the power to
build a metropolis, send plagues upon it, and rebuild once again. It's
really a great creative outlet. In any event, I just finished my first
trial city, and it's no piece of cake, being godlike I mean. There's
people's needs I have to consider, taxes, ordinances, and any number of
things that can and do go wrong. Well, the truth is, it's nothing
compared to running the universe, and hey, I would never presume to
comprehend how He can do it. Be well, friends, and if you're ever power
hungry, don't manipulate real people... build your own city with Sim
City 3000! (I should be getting paid for this)



	

Public - 7:36 PM - 2 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



Friday, January 19, 2001



	

Ahh, the end of the day approaches, and during lunch I found time to put
another picture of me and my buddies on. If you or anyone in your family
would like dancing lessons I do make house calls. Happy Friday everyone.
Enjoy the weekend. (That's friday in my time zone of course. Now, if
you're in Australia, I'm a little late.)





Friday, January 19, 2001



	

So I say to myself, "self, look to the future and be happy." It's then
that I break down and cry. The future? The future will never arive, so
no matter how long I stare at it, I can never have what it offers: a
complete disconnection with the present. Unfortunately, I live in the
here and now. So I say to myself "Look to the past and remember what
being happy was like". It's then I realize that remembering is like
re-living. The longer I live in the past, the longer I'm not creating
events to look back on in the future. It was around this thought that my
brain gave up due to overwealming confusion.



	

Public - 1:12 PM - 2 eprops - 1 comment - edit it - email it



	

It's friday morning, which means there's only an entire workday between
me and freedom. Grrrrr. It's a wonder I love fridays so much.



	

Public - 9:19 AM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



Thursday, January 18, 2001



	



It's lunchtime once again, and I'm wondering where I can possibly go for
a 'nice' meal. Now, I don't even know myself what I mean by 'nice', but
I assure you, my stomach WILL! So I can't dissapoint it now, can I? No
indeed. Oh, and look, hunger has me rambling on like a madman. Perhaps
it's time to make the journey out into the cold Toronto streets and go
on my quest for a decent lunch.



-Abax



	

Public - 12:26 PM - add eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



Sunday, January 14, 2001



	

I ask you only one question. Why?



	

Public - 5:43 PM - 1 eprop - 3 comments - edit it - email it



	

The wee hours of the morning beckon to me. My creative voice is loudest
now, and my mind, the most shut off. It’s times like these that make
me wonder, why can’t I be creative AND awake. I guess it’s partly
because when we’re adults AND awake at the same time, our mind takes
over too many functions. When it gets tired, and we rely on our mind
less, our creativity leaks through, and our good sense goes away. How
many here have contemplated life in such a state, with friends at 2 in
the morning. It’s a time when the most revelations make themselves
known to us. It’s a time of miracles, passions, and depression. It’s
a time of being alone. The early morning pre-dawn creatively empowered
brain burp. That is what this is, and in the morning, I won’t even
remember writing it. G’night, and, God willing, I’ll be here
tomorrow to write some more.



Abax.



Saturday, January 13, 2001



	

Okay, if I’m born to be a writer, why can’t I write? Why do I deny
myself the opportunity to sit down and simply write? I have a weekend
alone. That ends tomorrow. I have silence, or music, or anything! As God
is my witness, I need to move on my passion. I can’t make excuses
anymore. I must take action. These talents that I have been given must
be used to make an investment. That investment has the promise of great
return, but I must take the first step. I must muST MUST start on the
road. I have ideas, characters, visions in my head. I need to make it
so. I need to make it happen. I need need need need need to feel the
passion course through my veins. Without writing I would have nothing
except God, which is great, but He wants us to use our gifts. It is the
one great gift that he has given me. Well, it is the end result of all
the gifts he has given to me. It is what I am to become. It is what I
already am. I am a writer. So I must write.



Abax.



	

Public - 10:38 PM - 4 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it



Sunday, January 07, 2001



	

I've begun planting trees

where the barren

sun bleached sand

was starting to show through.



I couldn't bear the emptyness

any longer



-Abaxial



	

Public - 11:09 PM - 2 eprops - add comments - edit it - email it



	



Okay, how do you like my new portrait? It's a starteling likeness.
(not!). And I even flail my limbs like that when I sing! (Not!). And...
and...



	

Public - 10:58 AM - 3 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it



	

Here I am, early in the morning, sharing a poem with you. Here I am,
early in the morning, quoting Shakespeare. Here I am, early in the
morning, clicking the submit button.

Castaway



My heart a two faced coin in turn

Once to love and twice to spurn

Emotion moves the coin in air

To wonder if I do or dare.

When it lands it stands on edge

No help from that, no not one pledge.

To fate I cast my heart away

So fate my love will find one day.

Till then I yearn to feel the touch

I think on't now much too much.

Two souls as one intertwined,

True love exists for us to find.



-Abax



"Two loves I have of comfort and dispair"

-William Shakespeare.



	

Private - 10:47 AM - 4 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it



Friday, January 05, 2001



	



It's the middle of the night, and sleep is long in coming. I've recently
purchased the four current published Harry Potter books and have gone
through the first two in two consecutive days. (I have a long commute).
I have to say, what a great series! I have the origional English
version, as I hear in the USA they have taken out the 'Englishisms" like
philosopher, pram, things like that. In any event, I recomend the series
to all of you who like to read. G'night all, happy un-birthday to you.
May the moon's gentle rays smile on you all.



Yours in truth,



Abaxial.



Friday, January 05, 2001



	



So. Here I am at work, waiting for a CD to burn, thinking... "I like the
colour blue". I guess you'd never know it from the look of my site, but
the colour blue is my favorite colour. Just not in a website. I think
the colour blue belongs in the sky, in the water. (neither of which
actually contain any pigment). It's hard to find something actually blue
in nature, though. If only there were a blue fruit. Not blueberries,
they are more red or purple. Then there's the smurfs, but that's another
story. Okay, lets have a show of hands, who has never, ever, seen an
episode of the smurfs. What about Dr. Snugles. Ah, the memories. Good
ol' classic cartoons. What ever happened to them? Well, I think I'm just
going to remenisce to myself for a while, so have a good day, and I'll
be back later.



Ciao ciao,



Abax.



	

Public - 11:05 AM - 3 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it



Wednesday, January 03, 2001



	



Today I have a poem to share with all of you. I don't know how many
people read these weblogs regularly. I think I'm going to try and pay
more attention to this site from now on. I have to say it's a well
designed site. I have yet to journey around and peruse all the logs
within this site, but fear not for I will. In any event, here's a poem I
wrote recently, tell me what you think.



truth reflected



on mirrored glass



(exposed)



haunting blue eyes



pierce through



as I slay myself



with falacy.



I know it's short, but then again, the haiku masters have succeeded with
far greater poems with fewer lines. Hope you enjoyed.



I'm not sure what "submit and email" does, but I have a feeling that you
people may get an e-mail saying that I'm updated... perhaps that's only
for the people who have become members of my weblog. Anyway, I'll be
back soon with more writing.



	

Private - 10:49 PM - 1 eprop - 1 comment - edit it - email it



Thursday, December 21, 2000



	



Hi All!



In this time of holiday craziness I just want to say, Merry Christmas to
you all. May Santa fill your stockings with nothing but the fun stuff.
As for me, I'm headed up north for some real holiday snow. Have a good
holliday folks, and I'll be back after the holidays.



Yours in truth,



Abax.



	

Public - 11:56 PM - 4 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it



Wednesday, December 20, 2000



	



So, I'm going to introduce myself now... so you can all see whether or
not I'm worth my water. Okay, first of all I just watched part of the
mini-series called Dune. I am a writer, a poet mostly, but a writer
nonetheless. I enjoy reading as much as I enjoy writing and read from
pretty much any genre. My poems have been described as largely pastoral,
and though I agree, it's not the only kind of poem I write. Nature is,
however, beautiful and worth writing about in my opinion. Anyway, from
time to time I will post a poem, and feel free to comment on it...
that's why it's here.



Yours in truth,



Abaxial



+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++



forget it!" I screamed

in the chill autumn air.

"forget all good that you've done!"



The summer moved on

not a word in reply.

still I weep, for the much later dawn.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++



	

Private - 12:51 AM - 2 eprops - 2 comments - edit it - email it



Monday, December 18, 2000



	



Greetings one and all. As my first official entry I just have to say...
hello. It was pointed out to me that my writing style lent itself to the
weblog format, and I suppose I have to agree. Seeing as whenever I
write, I'm very sonversational... I've joined this weblog website and am
now the proud new owner of some digital creative space. I reccomend it
to all of you... though if you are reading this you may already have
thought of the idea. Well, as it's much too late to be up on a
worknight, I will bid you all adeux,



Be well,



Abaxial.

